Unknown Speaker  1:22  
You make I, they father,

Moderator  1:43  
right? It's four minutes past seven and five minutes away. I mean, I'm five minutes into the space, right? And, of course, it's been a while I've played us on the spaces. And of course, yeah, I think they were right about the three, almost 400 people set reminders. So guys, you know how to do these things, right, so head to the bottom right corner. Blow it up with your tags. Tax those friends that you know that you saw them in the comments setting their reminders. Because, of course, it must probably not have gotten to the. Some blessings upon mine. till they see me for mama say, Make I listen to ja. Make I no reason. Too far, man I believe in too fast. Make I, they kill and relax. Life has been good to me. I do not take this with levity. Nothing is cooking me, but lucky. I'm grateful for everything, the good and the bad and the ugly, all of the joy and the suffering, And every day I didn't See like a victory. I you peace, one man food is another man poisoning me to make bound choices. Only see me with the people who love me, love to the ones that have lost me. I came from nothing, made into something, but everyday I'm still working. Send me my money. Pay me my money. Anything has come out. Make an offer. I'm kind of Their notifications yet, so we want to break into their notifications. Of course, you'll probably start at the 100 listeners, because I know we could get there before then. But you know, go tag your friends, your loved ones, your enemies, everybody, everybody. Get them in here. I know they're on their way as well. Many assets, your co host, um, yeah. Thank everybody, your loved ones, your grandma, your grandpa, we are running up the numbers, and right about no time, we're gonna get up to 100 listeners, you know what I mean. But yeah, um, of course, I saw a lot of emojis flashing at me for that beautiful music. And I want to say, obviously, don't worry. Don't worry, I'm gonna keep doing my best being that kind of music, because it's been what you guys have heard from my end. But yeah, so was also beautiful to hear that, to hear the music. Of course, I could see two anonymous listeners. You guys are always welcome to you know, show live, show yourselves. Another means all free. It's all love here. I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I don't see no reasons why you should hide another me, but yeah, um, tag your friends. Um, of course, make sure you don't tag. But why you should have your friends is because some people with that man must have not gotten to the notifications yet. And, um, you know, I can see the number of likes and retweets. You know, retweet pushes out to the algorithm faster like retweet. I see some people bookmarking. That's a good thing as well. So I want us to run up the likes and retweets. We have about eight, nine people here, and we just have, we just have 58 likes and 47 repeat retweets. Nearly half of the room hasn't retweeted. So guys, we don't want to start the space without doing that. Of course, before you hear from network, let's blow it up in the meantime. But Yemenis is on his way, but Lebo came early today. Thank you. Jesus comes later all the time. But yeah, I can see I love you to be the webcom If you came early. You guys are my people. And you always know I love you guys on the bottom of my heart. And I mean literally everybody, and don't speaking in this nobody else. And because sometimes you know how I switch from, you know, this accent to the other accent. You know what I mean. But yeah. Anyway, we we see it, yeah. We just have it right? But yeah, I know. We adjust the seven number away from 100 are we properly start for 100 like I said, I see double. I see CG, C, but CG, you see many, many of who is going to be our humble cause today, but many? Um, yeah, because, I mean, these are my people I'm so used to every day, so I don't need to give them special greetings, because we are friends, right? So, and of course, if you're just hopping into my space for the first time, I know you, I see you, and of course, I recognize you. We are about to hear something big, something that's gonna come to the to that, like I told you guys on spaces, please fail to the end, because you're gonna get the earliest Alpha you've ever heard. Right? This is something huge. I mean, the spending of the huge is H, O, O, G, E, but you know, before I keep ranting and talking too much, okay, but Yemenis is in the building, but that means I don't know what you're doing down there, but yeah, please request the mic or just one number away from 100 I know we're gonna get off to 100 before we properly start, but by these we can't get to 100 if you're not up here in this Picarro. But yeah, I also start switching scrolling, and of course, I can see I might see Daniel C code, COVID, Suki, big Bucha, yo. You know how we do the greetings? We don't want to, we don't want to, we don't want to, we don't want to take too much time doing the greatest but I greet everybody, even if I don't mention your name. You know I love you so much, right? Now, you might think I'm a newscaster speaking this fast, but you this that just happened. But your minutes, I don't know why he's not requested. Mike, um, before the count of probably five in my head, you're up here. Okay, we about to start. Let me see one of them do, Athena do. Just wanted to give a heads up to your network. I need you to get prepared, clear, because these people ask dangerous questions. Sorry, not dangerous, but he asked questions a lot. So guys, you know how we do it for the question and answering for the question and answering one question per person, please do not be stingy, because we have requests so we properly rotate the mic. Of course, you know, what else? What else? What else? What else? What else? You know, just like one question, do not ask more than one, right? So that your fellow, um, friends will also ask questions. And, of course, um, your network before we hear from, you know, where we're going to hear from a couple of our speakers, I mean, the co host, and then we pass the mic down to you. So yeah, but checking the mic, one, two, are you there?

Speaker 2  9:39  
Yes, I am. But then I would have to, like, join you guys in like, 10 minutes, please. I want to do something real quick.

Unknown Speaker  9:46  
You are the actual

Unknown Speaker  9:47  
sector obstacle. Are the

Unknown Speaker  9:50  
issues, guys, these are the

Unknown Speaker  9:55  
issues. It's okay. We are.

Unknown Speaker  9:59  
See. But everything is connected very

Speaker 1  10:05  
early. All right, we'll be looking forward to hearing from you soon. Yeah, right. But your minutes, I think your network is um, I think having issues with Connect, connecting so many our second cohestat, what's up?

Unknown Speaker  10:24  
Many are you there?

Speaker 1  10:27  
All right, I can see many is trying to catch up with the mic. Let's give him some times. Um, yeah, cool. Brien, just hold on a bit. Don't worry. I see you gonna give me gonna give you the mic shortly. So boss. CG, how you doing today? Would you like to say hi to the people? And of course, what you expected to hear from today's space?

Speaker 2  10:46  
Hello, guys. My name is crypto Godwin. I'm the regional group manager of bitget wallets Africa, and a twin to is actually my twin, right? So I'm expecting to hear a lot of tax offers, and I'm saying that there is new URL network. I don't know if I pronounced it right, though, but here's always to support the community. And, you know, be here for the community. I'm expecting a lot of outlooks, though, definitely, because I mean gatherings like this, when you have a lot of people, it's all about sharing value at the end of the day. So that's one of the things I'm expecting. And guys, let's just stay locked in, retweet the room and bring a lot of people up here just to share knowledge. So thank you and stay blessed, bro.

Speaker 1  11:35  
Alright, that's CG himself. I think bossimo is having connection issues. It goes to sport with three warrior because for Saitama, I think Daniel dropped down for some reason. I don't know, but yeah, I just want to hope that you guys don't have too much network issues. And of course, don't mind my intonation, because this is what I'm going to be using today out of the space. Of course, I want to, um, sound so cool, you know, just in case my woman is out there, you know what I mean? But yeah, Louis, I see your hands up. What's up? You

Speaker 1  12:06  
I think Louis did not get the accent. Louis, are you there? Okay, okay, she's not there. She's not dance network, all right, before, I mean, we have a lot of speakers. Is she there? Okay, she's on there. Um, okay, okay, okay, don't mind me. So yeah, let's move finally to the speakers, because I feel like you can't wait. So, but don't worry, all of the giants or the speaker rules. They are here for you, for you. I mean coming to ask you a question. But yeah, um, your network. Finally, the mic is going to you. And of course, you could see a space, and numbers keep increasing part time. And like I said, I need to get get prepared. Get yourself prepared, because loads of questions can be asked that can be coming by. I feel like a nearly 400 plus 30 reminders. And of course, 100 plus are here. They are curious as to what your network is. A lot of them must have done their research, but they are not satisfied. So would you mind giving us a rundown of all what you or what you're about, right? So yeah, over to you,

Brien Colwell  13:10  
Cynthia, thanks to thanks Vinay, thanks for setting this up. Really excited to speak to everyone today. I'm coming from Bay Area, California, San Francisco, and we are global, so we are regionless. We want to connect with all of our users everywhere in the world. So I'm really excited and thankful that you've taken the time to chat today. So before we jump in, if everyone could check out the app in the Android app store or iOS App Store, it's just you our network. Just search for it. You'll find it, because I'm going to be talking about the app and and what we're doing, and if you have the app in front of you, probably it'll make a lot more sense. Actually, might solve some network issues if you're having them. So, yeah, just a shout out to go check out the app. If you haven't checked it out already, it's just, yeah, just search you our network on the app stores. Okay, so I'm super excited for today. I guess Tiana, should I just give a brief intro and then we just jump into questions. Okay, I got the thumbs up, awesome. Okay, all right. So, so we started this project your network to give people a better VPN. So probably a lot of you use a VPN. You know what a VPN is? I also have been a big VPN user for a long time. I think they're essential if you're traveling. They're essential whenever you leave your country to be able to connect back into your country and use all the stuff you want to use. They're also essential for privacy and what we wanted to do with. And your network is build the best VPN. And so where we kind of started with the project, and the frustration we are having with the project is a lot of the VPNs you see in the App Store, and it's actually quite interesting. A lot of the top apps in the App Store actually VPN, so very popular app. But if you look at the companies that are launching these VPNs, they're very mysterious, even the big names in terms of where the servers are, who's running the servers, what the servers are doing. And we wanted to build a VPN that was completely transparent and built using a new protocol, so that not only could it be completely transparent, but it could be worldwide, meaning it wouldn't just be controlled by a single company, it would actually be more of a peer to peer network. And so if you look at how we're building our VPN is it's completely open source. The clients is our open source. You can go and look at all of our app code. You can actually go build apps yourself. But also the servers open source, and so you can see all the changes that are going to the server. And so it's super transparent what we're doing with the data. And so I just want to kind of break down what we're doing to create the best VPN. So first off, what we're doing is we're kind of flipping the script of how how a VPN works. So traditionally, with a VPN, you'll have, you'll be a user of the VPN, you'll connect to a VPN server, and then your data will all your data will go to that VPN server. We have a different mission. We have a mission to basically spread your traffic around as much as possible, to give you more privacy and to make the internet just work better. So you can think of like in some places, some sites work in some places, other sites work. And if you just connect to a single location, you'd have a lot of the same issues, right? We're in that location. Some things work, some things don't work. The way that we have been building our network is to actually match you with the location and the node on the network dynamically. So for every single server you connect to, every single API or every single image you load, we actually route your data to the to the node on the network that can serve that data the best. And so that is a really big benefit of basically being giving you the fastest possible network, and also giving you the most private network, because all of your data is not going through a single node anymore. It's actually being distributed sort of widely across the network. And so we're actually the first, and I believe only network VPN that does it this way. We've put a lot of effort into spreading your data out across the network and making it so that you're not sending data through a single, single route on the network. So that's really unique to us, and we put a lot of energy and to kind of pursue this direction. And so if you use the app today, what you'll notice is you're connected to a lot of different peers. They're called providers. You'll see like, you're connected to four providers, 12 providers. Those are just the the routes to the network that you're connected to. So you might have like, 12 IP addresses at one time, because you're sending data through 12 different routes at the same time. So, so that's something that we've been doing, that's that's totally different than most VPNs. We think it's a lot of the VPNs today, their their size is 1000s of servers. Our goal with our network is to get to millions of servers. So we're trying to get to millions of nodes all around the world that are basically serving data, and we're spreading data between those so, so just a just really quickly before we jump into questions. A few more things that we do that's different from other VPNs is we focus on on a different set of security. So we actually adopt a lot of the modern web standards. We have a very opinion on traffic allowed on our network. So we are building a network that's safe to use and to participate in. So we're using web standards, and actually a lot of behavior on the network that would cause issues for participants is actually automatically disabled on the network, so we don't we don't log traffic on the network. We don't retain any records of traffic. But instead, what we do is there's a security program that runs on every single node on the network that inspects the traffic and basically shuts down bad. Behavior before it actually touches your network. So we shut down file sharing, we shut down botnets, we shut down hacking networks, and so we put a lot of effort into basically building this automated security program so that as a participant in the network, and the participants are who earn the rewards on the network, it's actually safe to participate. It's safe to to basically leave this network running, because we're automating a lot of the security rules and basically putting it into a program that's running, running on your node, on your phone and so so that's unique to us as well. So in contrast to many other networks, such as tour or other VPNs that sort of have kind of a free for all attitude. We have an emphasis on safety, and we have an emphasis on making the network safe to participate in, and but we do it in a way that is not jeopardizing your privacy. So we're not recording blogs or doing anything to sort of track issues with after the fact. Instead, we're putting all of our energy into proactively stopping issues by using basically a Smart Security program that runs on all the on all the nodes, and so that that's that's part of the focus of our our project, as well as not only developing this, this, this VPN, but also developing the security program that keeps it safe. So I just want to say before, before jumping into AMA, the other thing we're doing now is we started this project without a token. We started it to build a just a great VPN, but we are transitioning to a token. And so today, when you participate in the project, you get USDC rewards, which is basically we have an economic model where we take some of our revenue and we put it into a pool, and then we distribute that pool based on who's participating, actually starting this week, and I'm really happy to announce it to you guys. We're going to be doing both USDC rewards as well as a points campaign. So you're going to be earning points all the way back to May. We're going to back date. We're going to back date all the points to the beginning of May. But not only will you get USDC air drops when you participate every week, but you're also going to get points. And so points are going to convert to

token. When we launch our token later in the year, we're going to do a substantial air drop a token that's going to be based on points. And so the other thing I'm really excited to announce to you guys today, what we're starting is basically referral points and referral earnings. So up until now, when you refer people to the network, you did not get any bonus. But actually, starting this week, you're going to get more. We basically set aside a special referral pool for USDC. So when you refer people to the network, you earn 25% of all of their their earnings, and that's in addition to their earnings. So we set up a separate, a separate bonus pool, and then also people who join via referral share 25% of the refers earning. So if you're, if you're a power user, and you refer someone, they're going to get a really big boost every, every, every week, just by being, just by joining the network from your referral. So this is really good. We've essentially set up a completely separate air drop pool for referrals. So you're going to get be getting more USDC as well as more more points for for doing referrals. So this is a really exciting time for the network. We're working around the clock to deliver the best VPN, but also to make this token of success, and really excited for for all the questions today, I think, if you haven't, right before we jump into AMA, if you haven't downloaded the app, just go. Just go download it, check it out. It's on Android and iOS, and yeah, just, just let us know. I mean, we're trying to be a great VPN. We're trying to be a free vpn that's powered by the community. And we think there's a really good business here. We think there's a great business. Essentially, we have a freemium model, where you can pay $5 a month to get more features on the VPN. But we also have a focus on bringing companies into the fold as well. So our success, the way we see it, is, if there are many different apps and products out there that are sort of using the VPN also, instead of products sort of using older, more centralized VPN, we think that your network can be built in to browser. And AI agents and chat chat tools, just to make them more private, secure and available. And so that's what we're pursuing with our network. And yeah, really excited for all the questions. Thank you for being here, yo.

Speaker 3  25:13  
Come on, come on, come on. That's Brien himself. Like you guys have to get used to this, right? Because that was, like, a huge rundown, right? And that was what I got the first time I spoke with him. He kept going on and on. And then, you know, a passion, passionate founder. But yeah, while he was speaking and throwing out the bombs, I see hands and rolling up, rolling up. And then, of course, my people had airdropped. And for sure, I just want to say something five pounds on the mic, right? I got amazed when I saw and tested, since I saw it took me a while if I tested, and then I downloaded the app, and came in handy the right time as at the right time, because I think that was when my windscribe subscription finished, right? I think I had, like, 10 gig to use, and then just, I just due to research, just popped up, and then I was like, Oh, and of course, I got it the VPN. Not only is it free, but I think it's more efficient than wind scribe I use, I'm not showing no shade of any product right now. But this is, of this is, this is, honestly, because you are connected to France. And of course, for France, they were like, 15. We just like, let me go to the app right now and show you guys something. Yeah, right. There were 15 available providers right from France. Like, it is a very strong and secure connection. Of like, Oh, my God. And of course, you know, for Nigerians, we have to connect to VPN before we access Taito. So like, using it, it was seamless. And then what, what bust my brain, because this is the first time I'll see a VPN that is, that has, that is crypto integrated. And of course, there's a sector where it has, don't mind me. This is just user experience I'm giving you guys. It has a it has where you can connect your wallet. It has where you could, of course, it has a wallet that's also where you could connect your wallet, and all those kind of things. So I wouldn't be so stingy, because a lot of my a lot of my people saying that, Oh, but, yeah, I was just exploring all like, Oh, this is beautiful. This is, I mean, I don't know, show me a VPN. I have a section where there is a wallet or something like that. So this is not just ordinary. And of course, the way he was speaking about the air drops is giving the grass kind of vibes, and a lot of people have questions. But don't worry, you guys are going to ask a question. Let me hear from my blue brother, PFP guy, the man with the hard boss. I mean is what's good, my brother, hope your network is connected from

Unknown Speaker  27:46  
there. Yeah, I think my network is better. Am I audible to you now?

Speaker 3  27:52  
Yeah, loud and clear, loud and clear, loud and clear, loud and clear. Thank

Speaker 2  27:56  
you very much. That's, uh, shout out to everybody. Shout out to now, of course, for hosting us again today. Yeah, you know, whatever it does here, it's always a banger. And I can see the amazing co host label and many crypt shouts, these legends, my brother, crypto Godwin, sweet chicks, distar, Goldman, Darrell. I can see everybody, honestly, everybody, lunch, man, I see you, bro. Sitama, web tree, Warrior. Jama, it's been a minute. Lawyers, stories, everybody, I see you. Adele, so yeah, I um this URL network here, amazing, amazing products. I mean, the, you know, the fact that I do not need a VPN anymore. That is something, you know, something extraordinary. And I love that. But, yeah, I really want to ask a very simple question. So I noticed that, you know, it's actually a crypto integrated. So I want to know why it is a crypto integrated and how exactly does it work?

Brien Colwell  29:07  
Yeah, great. Great question. Yeah, great question. So I'm going to be honest with you guys. We started the project with no crypto so we felt like we didn't need crypto to build the best VPN. We could do it with a simple economic model that was a revenue share. But I'll tell you why we decided to go crypto, and I want to make a important distinction as well. So for the user of the VPN, they don't have to know anything about crypto to use the VPN. And so we think that that's really important. So all of the you know, parents and grandparents and whoever, right, who don't know anything about a crypto wallet, they can just. Download the app and use the app, and anyone can do that. So that's I just want to preface everything I'm about to say with that that you don't you don't have to know anything about crypto to use the VPN. Everything crypto in our VPN is for power users and for providers. It's not for just the free user. The free user can do everything without crypto. So So to address the question of you know how we went on our journey from not doing anything crypto to now we're on track to launch a token. Is crypto does three things really well that we think make the project better. And so our our goal is to have millions of nodes, so millions of participants in the network. We want participants in every country, all over the world. Actually, the health of our network, the way we think about it is how well the traffic is distributed on the network. So for example, if we had like, a network of like 100,000 users, and only like 10 of those users were getting all the traffic, we wouldn't think that that's a healthy network from a privacy perspective. Or what we're trying to do like, we want the traffic to be distributed to, like, over half of the nodes, and so to get so many nodes all over the world to basically make it sustainable, right? Because there's real costs, right people, what we're trying to do is we're trying to use excess bandwidth that people already have. But still, there's a there's a cost, right? Like you have to maybe, you know, set up a phone, or keep your phone on your desk, or it takes your time, right? A lot of people you know, want some incentive to to participate, and I think that's totally natural and normal to and so the way we we thought about the incentive was, as a as a company, what we could do is we could go out and we could spin up data centers or points of presence all over the world, like a CDN or or other VPNs, right? We could just go and put, like our little server node in a bunch of different Co Location centers all over the world, and that would cost us money, right? So we'd pay, we'd pay for every single point of presence. We'd paid it to keep it running every month. The way we think about it is we can actually build a better, a better network instead of paying, like, to have all these points of presence, we can put that money into the token, into the into the airdrop, and people who are sort of already there, already have the infrastructure. Can can run the nodes and get sort of the same level of reward, right. So instead of us going and paying like a Point of Presence, we can get a better infrastructure that's more local by working with people in those in every single region. And that's really unique to crypto. I think crypto, because of the digital token, because it's sort of this borderless protocol, has this really unique ability to connect and build a community that crosses borders, and that's what we're trying to do. We're trying to we're trying to get people in every single country all over the world participating in the network, so that we can actually distribute traffic and route traffic to where people want to go. So, so that was the first thing with crypto that that we thought was really, really cool, is it's going to let us have more nodes. We're going to be able to have millions of nodes on our network, because everyone's just going to tap into the same crypto airdrops and token and token payments once we move, once we launch the token, the SEC, the other two things that really excited us about crypto is we've been looking a lot at prediction markets, you know, like poly, poly market and all those. We think these are really exciting new, new ideas. And we think especially in the networking space, there are aspects of prediction markets that are very useful for networking. One of the key challenges of networking is that you typically have to over allocate capacity, because it's really hard to predict where new capacity is going to going to want to show up. So so, I mean, that's sort of the thesis of our project, is we know in the world there is a ton of unused bandwidth, because bandwidth is just vastly over allocated, because nobody's really sure where the demand is going to pop up. And it takes so long to spin up bandwidth that, you know, a lot of the back. Bone is just, you know, much over allocated so it can anticipate future capacity. We what we're trying to do with our token is we're trying to make it so that you can help predict and react to changes in capacity through the token itself. We think that that's going to be, like, really efficient, so that if there's a new region, or if there's some somewhere people want to connect, we want to actually capture that with the token so that you can say, like, you want more servers in France, or you want more servers and, you know, UK or Brazil or whatever, or, you know, Nigeria and and the token is going to let you basically predict where you want capacity. And so we think that that's going to be really cool. What you're going to see with the product, with our token, is sort of a prediction market for capacity and and I think that's going to make our network very efficient at allocating capacity, and that's going to make it because it's going to be more efficient, it's going to give users and providers a better outcome. And so there's, yeah,

Speaker 3  36:07  
sorry, are you? Are you giving access to one question right now?

Speaker 4  36:18  
Okay, no, that was that was much that was that was that was that was like a little information guys come on, when is very passionate about what, what is building. This is, this is what you see. This was definitely what you definitely see. So, yeah,

Speaker 3  36:38  
yeah, yeah. I mean, like I said, You all do not have idea of who Brien is. Like, no, just calculating with that. Now, if he could give so many answers to one question, and we have like, about 10 requests, you all are not ready for what's coming, but that's massive.

Brien Colwell  36:56  
I'm gonna keep it to 30 seconds or less. But yeah, that was a great question. That was a great question. Because, yeah, that was, I mean, that got to the heart of it. That was a great question. Thanks

Speaker 3  37:06  
for that. Yeah, yeah. I mean, I mean, I mean, like, you, you're more like the dish dictionary of of your project, because, of course, like, I wouldn't want to find out that it's going to be spelled or not going to be but you, you're just

Speaker 5  37:20  
going no breaks, no tourists, you just act. And I'll be like, come on, this guy. I

Speaker 3  37:25  
mean, that shows passion, that shows you know what you're doing, that shows you know what is coming. And of course, I see a lot of people are bullish right about now. People are downloading and sending screenshots. People are currently downloading and sending screenshots, making posts. They are, they are, they are in caption writing. I love it already. So come on. I mean, I mean, your, your, your talks are doing the works right, right. But yeah, we have loads of questions. But yeah, yeah, because of the numbers of people requesting we, we want to bleed and give us a 32nd answer so that these people are going to have a chance. Because, you know, time flies the most of spaces, right time, but yeah, the spot, my beautiful friend l down there. Of course, I don't know what time zone are you in, but, you know, come up and say hi, drops you a DM. But of course, we still have a lot of ads. Still have a lot of ads. Of course, people are getting even more bullish here. If there's a word like that, you know what I mean. Of course, Doris also jumped in on the mic, and of course, Jamal is yet to has his hand up. Goldman is yet to have his hand up, but it's so distance up. So let's move from crypto Godwin to Louis and to this, right? So God be what's up? What's your question?

Speaker 2  38:29  
Alright? Thank you very much. Um, thank you very much, man. I heard your amazing speech. Uh, it was incredible, though. But I like to ask some certain questions, because first, I come from the exchange side of things, and I have a family, like, more, like a family background, and then in venture capitalists, we've, like, had a lot of VCs to work with. And, you know, I always been around, you know, VCs, even growing up and all of that. So my question would be, like, first of all, is this, is this project of yours? Is it VC funded? That was the that's going to be the first question, is it VC funded? And if it's not VC funded, that's cool. And you also stated the fact that you didn't start with the initiative of the initiative of crypto. At heart, you know, you didn't start the project with the initiative of having crypto hat, which is cool, though, but now you're talking about tokenization of the tokens like the project, tokenization of the project. Now, are you having your own native token of the project, or you're just having usdt As a reward point system to aid the project's growth. Those will be my questions for now.

Brien Colwell  39:49  
Great questions. I'm going to answer this quickly, so cut me off if I'm talking too long. So VC funded. Yes, we've raised the seed round. We're funded by two but. Seed seed funds in the Bay Area California. These are just local seed funds. They're very well regarded. You can see them on our website, and we have not sold the token. So what our funding is pure equity funding. So we've been funded as basically a consumer, you know, consumer and business company for networks. So we have not sold token, so that, and we have no plans to sell the token, so we're trying to launch, essentially, a utility token, right? That that is, that's treated as a commodity, not a not a security. So we're, you know, we have never sold a token to an investor in terms of and I just want to emphasize that the fair launch aspect, right? So we we are not pre selling the token to anyone. And I'm sorry, could you remind me the second part of the question? Are

Speaker 2  41:02  
you bringing up your own native token or you just want usdt to back it up? I

Unknown Speaker  41:29  
you Sorry. Can anyone hear me? Am I audible?

Unknown Speaker  41:33  
Oh, hey, can you absolutely Oh,

Brien Colwell  41:38  
sorry guys, so yo, my bad. Oh, okay, I was on mute, yeah. So we're launching on on Solana. We have, we have a token on Solana, but there's two potential names. One is a bigger vision than the other word. One thing we're considering is, you know, going bigger with the project. So depending on what we're doing. We might launch a different name of the token, but yeah, we are. We'll be a token on Solana. So USDC is being phased out and will be replaced by a liquid token on Solana.

Speaker 3  42:15  
Righty. Righty, yo. Godwin, I believe the question doesn't answer, right, correct. I don't want to see you go nowhere anyways, but yeah, to my boss level co host, I think I might want to switch across at this point in time, because guys, my brothers, always busy anytime I have my spaces. But no good. Um, many. Mike, Chuck, are you there? Manny, are you there? Alright, bossy, everything, right? Check. Just to the mic. You there?

Speaker 6  42:47  
Okay, he's there. You know, you don't have to.

Speaker 3  42:54  
I know. I know we are coming to you, but yeah, let's give the mic to Lewis. Lewis, what's up? What's your question? You've had your hand up for a while.

Speaker 3  43:07  
Louisa is rugged at this point in time, Louis you're rugged, I believe. But don't worry. Always feel free to come up on the speaker. Role is always, I mean, your hand is obvious. You're flashing the energy, but I don't know if you're speaking, but right now we can't hear you. Okay, and all right, this stuff, finally, this time, I mean the man, the brain box of Solana, let's have it, brother, mister, either. You

Speaker 7  43:35  
know Solana anymore, Sonia, you see? But, yeah, yeah, I was actually, I think one of the major question crypto Gordon asked was, like, I was gonna, like, just brush and does, like, if you're having your native token, is there a reason why you're not using usdt and you're using your own native token? And I think another major question be, of course, you're in the right market, because, um, usually this part of the world is where we face a lot of at this point, I turn on my VPN every single time. So yeah, this part of the world is where we face a lot of VPN issues. But I'm just gonna say the average person is probably used to regular VPNs, right? Me, for example, if I didn't come across you, if I came across you on Google Play, Apple Store, I mean, I would not know why to, you know? I mean, you said, you said a whole lot now, but an average person is not really technical, right? You just want to use a VPN. And, yeah, I mean you being free is, is dope, but how do you sort of like differentiate in terms of like products from, like, the regular VPN?

Brien Colwell  44:52  
Yeah, great question. So I think there were two questions. There. One was wire on token, so you. Very simply, our our own token lets us control the market better, so we can actually benefit from it. If we were pegged on if we continue to go down USDC, we wouldn't be able to the community wouldn't be able to see any appreciation right from the value they're creating. And that includes us, right? And so we obviously want our token price to go up to reflect the unique value that the network is creating. And if we didn't have a token, we wouldn't be able to capture that value. I think that that's just the very simple answer. Is that, you know, building a token that creates a network like ours, which is a unique network, is everyone's going to benefit the second piece. And I also want to say the way our payouts work is our payouts are pegged to USDC, so at the end of the day, if the token price goes up or down, like if the token price goes down, we're just going to be paying out more token. So just all be clear on our white paper, but essentially, as a company, we're taking in US dollars. So the the amount of payouts is always going to be pegged to US dollars, even though it would be translated through the token. So the the other question was about how we differentiate ourselves? I'm just gonna be honest with you guys, we're still working on this. How we think about it is we are trying to be the best, highest quality VPN. So meaning, based on what we hear from users, there's really three considerations of a VPN. One is, is it available? Meaning, does it connect? Does it work in my region? The other, you know, can the sites load? The second is quality. So quality is around, you know, being able to use the internet like a normal user, as if you were in an Airbnb in that region. If, you know, if you're using the VPN and a bunch of sites don't work. That's another issue. And the third is speed. We've prioritized availability and quality as a product. We're also very concerned about speed, but generally we're kind of concerned with, like, I don't know, being like, you know, being able to stream a 4k movie. We're not trying to be like a gigabit VPN at the moment, although maybe someday we will be. So we're super focused on quality and availability, and generally, when users use our VPN, they shouldn't notice that they're using a VPN like the internet should just sort of work. So today, that's, that's kind of where we're focused and but, but, you know, have to, you know, we're still figuring it out. And so, you know, obviously, if all the feedback you guys give, all the all these conversations, really help us to, you know, continue to refine our message and refine, you know, how we're reaching out to users. But, yeah, I mean, it's a great question, and it's something we're continually working on.

Speaker 7  48:03  
Yeah, I'm going to pass the mic real quick now. I just want to say this for a lot of people do not actually know. I think in terms of in terms of security is actually very important. So because I also just recently found out that if you're using an open Wi Fi, a mid level account could solve like access, um, basically anything on your UM System or your device. So I don't know if they are, they are sort of, like, more educational, you know, educational tips like that just enlightens people. I did not know that at first, but based on that, I would never use an open um, an open Wi Fi on a device. I know that I have, you know, I have crypto on so I don't know if you guys would, you know, focus on enlighten, because I know a lot of people do not even understand my me myself. Don't understand a lot about VPN and how it works in strengthly. Um, but yeah, basically, so I don't know in terms of the security part. Um, is there any issue we might be facing with the current one we're using that would not be facing with you. I think that's and that, especially for, you know, web, three native people are basically on the space,

Brien Colwell  49:10  
yeah. So we're aligned with the there's an institute called the IETF, which is the they control the standards of the web. So like all of the HTTPS and all that stuff that that's controlled by this global group, it's a global group of computer scientists. So we work with that group in terms of our encryption. So we use TLS encryption, which is the standard that's used by the web. And the good thing about TLS is that it is the most tested secure encryption. It's more secure or more tested than any other sort of custom VPN encryption like wire guard or open VPN. Yeah. Yeah, and so we we use TLS. We also are actively working with IETF on incorporating the newer standards of encryption. So there's a bunch of newer standards of TLS that make it harder to block, for example. And so we are actively working on ways to incorporate these newer standards into our product, and so we we implement sort of the best in class security, but we're also set up so that as the internet evolves, as more standards come out that you see in like your Chrome browser or whatever browser you're using, those standards are going to be immediately integrated into our VPN, because we're using the web standards for our security and and also that's a great for as a user, because when you use our VPN, it looks just like you're using a Web browser. So there's nothing that looks really different between using our VPN and a web browser. And so it makes it a lot harder for firewalls to kind of detect that you're even using our VPN. And so so there's a lot of like, nice benefits about the way that we're approaching security. And we also, I mean, we recently passed our our audit, our masa l2 audit, which is Google's sort of higher quality security audit, and we published all of our penetration tests and audits in our docs. But you can see that, you know, we're maintaining a modern security practice where we do regular penetration testing and audits. And using our VPN, you can be assured that you're, you're, you're safe, as safe as other VPNs, and by using web standards, we believe you're more aligned with with the future of the web.

Speaker 3  51:56  
Yo, I mean, that's D star. And not only does he ask technical questions. He has aa, slow down, see, he asks intellectual questions, right? And, of course, these are my people. I've got brivia People are, I mean, all over, all over, all over me, right? Because before most of our second option, co host, I sports, yeah, a good sport that we have a couple of requests, and we're going to be rolling out Mike fast. And of course, most Lego, once again, has betrayed me in public, and this will be recorded where there are 155 people. Let this be known. Alright, alright, let's move to switching. So

Speaker 6  52:47  
thank you, Tibo, I really like it if Adele can go before me, because she already had her hands up. So,

Unknown Speaker  52:54  
yeah, okay, okay, okay, Adele,

Speaker 8  52:58  
let's okay. Hi everyone. Chien, jump to you all, amazing space, by the way. Hi Boss TV. But see any new switches? Okay, so I've heard a lot of things here and the rest, and that is amazing. And I've actually, like had someone that actually use it now, and it worked well. That's lovely. Kudos to you all. So I want to ask, yeah, speaking of the whole VPN thing, is it possible to have it on and then we are using our x accounts because the other VPNs are telling you is going to hurt your x account, and sometimes from our region the whole connecting to Kaito? Yes, I'll use Kaito for an example. Sometimes it messes up. Actually, some are unable to, like, access the accounts because of the whole job blocking whatever. So, yeah, my question is, can this be able to solve that problem? Thank you.

Brien Colwell  53:52  
Yeah, great question. And simply, yes, that's the primary reason we created the VPN is to let you connect and use the internet just like you were physically in that location. So as a real simple analogy, whenever you travel somewhere, right? So say, you travel somewhere and stay with a friend or get an Airbnb, the internet just works, right? Like, like, whenever you go to a different country, and you're there in person, the internet just works, and that is the exact experience we're trying to create with your network, which is the idea that by sharing bandwidth between people, we can create a more intimate, smaller VPN that has the same feeling as if you just, you know, went and stayed with someone else, or stayed in an Airbnb, and the internet should just work normally in that location. So that was, that was sort of one of our primary goals with the network, is to give you that quality of of experience. A great question.

Unknown Speaker  54:57  
Okay, um, thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 6  55:03  
Um, alright, thank you so much. I'm tuna. I'm permission to proceed. Okay, okay, um, thank you so much your network. Oh, my man has damn guys, Jim, everybody. Um, yeah, I'm using space as always. My question is simple, I guess. I just hope it has not been asked before, because for the like, during the beginning of the space I was occupied with something, but I'm concerned a little bit about the fact that your network, I can see that it has both like a paid version and a free version. So, for example, I don't know, in simple terms, I love it. If so, I don't know any but if the intern, I guess can please just highlight one of the or some of the what's it called now, premium access that comes with, you know, getting the paid tier, as opposed to using the free version. And because usually VPNs that are free have, like, some sort of data cap that you can use. And hence why people, like, tend to, like, manage how to use them, like they use or switch it off. Like, is it distinguish your network? Like, is there some sort of data cap for the free version? So yeah, that's my question.

Brien Colwell  56:35  
Yeah, great questions. And we didn't cover this already, so this is really, really good information to talk about. So we do have data caps. The intent of the data cap is that a normal user will not notice the data cap. And I want to preface everything with we're still evolving, right? So we just picked a number for the free version today. It was 30 gigabytes per day. We can increase that number if that is too low. The sorry,

Speaker 6  57:10  
did you say 30 gigabytes per day? Yeah,

Brien Colwell  57:15  
that's right. That's right, 30 gigabytes per day. So we that's the number we're at today. We can increase that if it's too low. The the real challenge of doing a consumer product right is to make sure that most users don't notice the guardrails. But then if anyone's abusing the system, we have guardrails so that, you know, someone can't just, like, mass flood the network and, like, suck up all the bandwidth. That was the only, like, real reason we have limits is to prevent abuse. So the free limit is 30 gigabytes per day. The paid limit is 300 gigabytes per day. What we're looking at with with our the features we're giving for paid today, you can think of the paid plan is really supporting the network today you get, you get, obviously, a little bit more data we're working on giving you priority speed on all the providers. So there's a really simple economic model that we have, which is that the providers get paid based on on the paid users. So if you're a supporter and you send data to a to a region, that region gets paid like the free users don't impact too much. They impact a little bit, but not so much who gets paid. So the the actual paid users are the ones who determine who else gets paid on the network. And so by being a paid user, the incentive is that if you send your data somewhere, everyone wants to make sure your data gets routed the most, because they get paid more by routing paid data. So there's sort of a natural incentive that you get faster data. You get higher priority by being a supporter. We're working on a bunch of stuff now. We're working on more settings for providers if you pay, if you're a supporter. So there's a bunch of like knobs that we've been working on to give you more control over how you earn if you're if you're a supporter. We've also been working on more value for supporters. So an example of value is we're thinking about the the whole connectivity landscape, like, you know, public Wi Fi is SIM cards, and how can we start to make the supporter plan, sort of a one stop, all in one connectivity option for users. So we've been spending a lot of time in the last month looking at how can we offer a better public Wi Fi experience for supporters, also for free. But a lot of times, by doing some of this work, we have to actually spin up more. Servers. So anytime we have to spin up servers, that's going to be more towards the premium side, because, like, you know, we have to pay for the server somehow, like long term and so, so we've been looking at giving supporters access to Wi Fi networks in different ways, more secure. So something we've been looking at is, anywhere there's a captive portal on a Wi Fi can we help users, sort of automatically log in and securely use public Wi Fi is we've also been working on a SIM card partnership. It's actually based in the US today, though, so I'm not sure when our SIM card will be available globally. It's a, we're working with a US company, but, but we're working on doing sort of a SIM card partnership as well for supporters. So we're looking at a bunch of options, but generally, how we think about supporter is you should just get better internet that works in more places. And we want to sort of, you know, hopefully someday we can be like your portal to the internet, like, instead of buying a cell phone plan, you can just install your network, and we give you connectivity everywhere you go. We're obviously not there yet, but that's sort of, you know, what we're thinking about as a business.

Speaker 6  1:01:14  
Thank you. Wow. That sounds like really good, because I feel like most times, especially for people that travel, it tends to be like a sort of you know issue. When it gets, like, a new location, they have to, like, try to start finding some sort of connectivity. I think if your network, like, you know, gets on that, that will, like, absolutely solve a lot of problems, right? And I also think that the fact that, you know, the free tier gives free users access to 30 gigabyte per day. Yeah, we love that. So thank you so much for answering my questions. Wow, I'm genuinely amazed. Yo,

Speaker 3  1:01:59  
I mean, sorry, sorry, I wanted to jump in real quick, because you, I mean, I think Brian, you got the heart of the community right now, a lot of people are currently downloading, asking where to download, how to download, and it's getting crazier across my whatsapp on the comment section, and not more. And then I could just see that, yo, this is crazy. For real, this is crazy. And of course, we could see screenshots of people downloading down there in the comment section. If you're finding it hard to download, you can get it on play store or on Apple Store. Okay, get it on Play Store or Apple Store. Okay, so just in case, this is to, I mean, generally, to everybody that's been asking questions. And, of course, simple, just connect and kaboom, if you use it. Yeah, I don't want to steal the mic too much. Let me pass the mic around. You all should pray for my ex, because my ex is just yo Yeah. Many go on, alright,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:03  
yeah. So I think one of the things we need to like notice about your network is the fact that you offered a wide range of

Speaker 4  1:03:18  
gigabytes per day, and this is something that most network does not offer. I imagine you just using your using your normal VPN, and at the end of the day you have, you are eligible for some air job, which should be a job. And one thing I when I was speaking with with Brien about the the whole thing I what I saw was how, but actually I put it, how passionate it was about building this. And one thing, one thing that I've noticed is the fact that with the way things we are going and the way things are going, Jonathan might end up being one of the top network, one of the top VPN out there. So for them, offering such huge something for some, for everybody, for free, is something we need to, like study and for a look of things you're all wanting to do, they're offering you a free usage of the VPN. At the same time you're also earning, I think that was the time that they were actually offering something like offering something like a reward in stable coin for men, for for usage. And apart from that, there are so many things are coming up. And that is the project that I think we all should like, put us together and help you. Now, imagine a VPN that pays you at the same time, gives you free usage on the net. Is something that is very tangible. You're like somebody asked the Your privacy is protected. You you have high speed. And one thing, there's one thing I always notice there's some replay that when you use it, when you use it, it actually makes your internet lag, like it's your internet speed is low. But that's one thing that you your network profile, is that your internet will still give the same. Speed, and they give you wide range. Now, the difference between the paid version and the, what is it called the free version, is it just, is just the the lower allocation of gigabytes, which I think, for somebody to be offering you 30 gigabyte is something that is, that is quite remarkable. So I think one of the thing that we need to understand is that what your security, your security is protected. Everything private, everything is protected and is in high places. So that's just it. That is just it. So thank you very much, guys and Brian, I just wanted to add now, what is your plan? Um, moving forward with the project.

Brien Colwell  1:05:42  
Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the kind words, and thanks everyone for your time here. And yeah, it's just been incredible, and it's been a real honor to speak with everyone and grow the community. So thank you. The plan with the project is we want, yeah, not only to be a great consumer VPN. And you know, we think a great consumer VPN is a good, ethical business at a 1% upgrade to supporter with millions of users. That's a great business. So like, we are trying to pursue a profitable, long term, sustainable business. And so, you know, the way rewards work is, it's very simple. It's instead of us paying data centers, we're paying it out to the community. That I think it's a that's a really just, it's a win, win for everyone. So we're trying to be a great consumer business. We're also trying to sell to businesses and developers. So we're working on a number of partnerships today where, where we're trying to embed the network in various browsers and tools, like AI tools. We're still very small, but, you know, we're trying to get some of our first, our first pilots that we can announce done. But, yeah, we're really excited about, you know, you see a lot of products these days integrating VPNs. We're excited for your network to be one of the options that developers have when they want to integrate a VPN. Yo. I think, I think there's a general question of, like, what's next? Like, after like, like, building a network, like, like, where are we going? I like to think that we're building a new kind of operating system. It's an operating system that is an alternative to the big tech, you know, gated operating system idea like, we're not trying to capture your data. We're not trying to hold you captive in our network. Instead, what we're trying to do is give you choices and give you real options. And I think that, I think that general approach is really interesting today, especially as we look at AI and, you know, the AI script today is you, you know, all of your data gets uploaded into the cloud and and, you know, gets trained and AI works on your data. I think we have a real option with your network, is to build something that's more local, that's more that's more small, whereas the cloud can come to you, meaning you can keep your data on your phone, on your devices, and actually the cloud can come to you, and actually, you know, use your data in a more ethical way. And that's something that we're really looking at, is, how can we sort of flip the script? How can we be an alternative, not only for a VPN, but an alternative for more things that people are doing with their devices, right? Instead of being stuck in like the Apple, Google duopoly, how can we help people sort of break out and and have a different way of using their device? And we don't have anything to announce there yet, but, but we're really interested in that long term is, how can we be a true alternative to to the big tech you know, world today.

Speaker 3  1:09:03  
All right. All right. I think so far, I think I've seen about 100 downloads from screenshots, and a lot of people are just giving good reviews only. And, yeah, I mean, you see someone said I used at your network about an hour ago, and it leads, it's all for you guys to go get it. I mean, I've been seeing a lot of beautiful reviews down there in the comment section. Some people are just getting in and activated. I think some people are connected with on it, or with it right on this space. I mean, Brian, I don't know what you're doing, but you've got the heart of the community. But yeah, without further ado, let's give the mic to Goldman. What's up, bro? You

Brien Colwell  1:09:43  
Yeah, awesome, yeah. Thank you guys so much. You get this has been incredible. I hope we can do one again soon. Really, I'm really fortunate to be able to reach out and speak with the Nigerian community and the African community at large, and everyone all around the world. And yeah, we're. A global company. We're about building a worldwide network so everyone matters, and especially when you use the network. If you have issues, just ping us on Discord. Join discord, because we're trying to make the network work for you. And so all of your feedback is super valuable, so we can actually build the best VPN for you. And so I just thank everyone for your time. And yeah, it's been a been a privilege and an honor to be here. Thank you, and thank you, Tiana, thank you many for organizing this great, great work.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:29  
You're welcome.

Speaker 3  1:10:32  
So we're gonna pass the mic to Goldman. Goldman, finally, what's up? You're gonna

Speaker 9  1:10:42  
Hi. Guys. So, GM, GM, which is the owner, goes Vietnamese, which is the Kings, pretty much everybody in space. So I have been seeing this stuff. I have been seeing this stuff. I think it was the day to now, like study I saw, so the project, and then I just clicked, clicked in and and just checked it out. But then I, of course, the very first thing I, I mean, I'm a brand specialist, so I'm looking at the PHP I'm trying to wonder, like, what's mission behind this? That's my question, what? Because I is looking like an illustration, and then just, I don't know, what was the solution behind your profile, like your brand image, your logo?

Brien Colwell  1:11:35  
Oh, sorry, I did. I didn't quite catch that. What's the you're asking about the logo? Specifically?

Speaker 9  1:11:42  
Yeah, the quickly across your social media platforms. So,

Brien Colwell  1:11:48  
yeah, okay, yeah. So I'm going to post on, actually, after this, I'm going to post, I'm going to post something for you guys so you can kind of see it. So we went through a big exercise last year trying to build something about we call it the connector shape. But essentially, think of the world as a bunch of people, right? A bunch of circles. Our shape is basically carved out of a bunch of people. So you can see, like our shape has, has these curved edges. It's basically like a bunch of like profile people put together, and then we just drew a shape around them and connected everyone in the shape. We call it the connector. You know. We started this, this journey, with two ideas. One was to build the network with people, and we can actually build a higher quality network together, you know, to address all these issues that we've been talking about. The other one was to base it on something tangible, make it simple. So something that really inspired me starting the project was the Ethernet cable, the cat, cat five, cat six cable, right? Like you're probably familiar with it the, you know, you just click it in right, the RJ 45 connector, and this very simple cable was how a network started, right? You would just basically use this physical cable to connect multiple computers together and create a small, little network. And because it was so simple, because, you know, basically you could see the cable. It created very trusted networks like, you know, you could see that the cable was secure, that it was securely connecting, and there was just a level of transparency and trust and simplicity with that sim, very simple Cat, cat six cable with an RJ 45 connector. And we wanted to basically translate that same level of simplicity, that same level of physical obviousness, to our product, meaning we wanted our product to be just very simple and obvious by, you know, being completely transparent. And so the call that shape the connector. And I'll post after this on Twitter. The genesis of it. We have some really cool sketches, but the connector is basically trying to say, like, Hey, we're just a simple network cable, right? Like, we're trying to be as simple and as transparent as a network cable. And that connector is really grounding us in, like a physical truth, meaning, like, you can think of plugging in the network to that connector and and also the connector is made up of of the connecting all the people together. So that was kind of the journey we went on. And I'll and I'll put the design sketches on x, but, yeah, that's a great question. We had a lot of fun creating the logo.

Speaker 5  1:14:40  
All right. Good man, good man. One question.

Speaker 3  1:14:45  
One question. Brother, we have lots of people on the request. So we don't want to, like, you know, we want to speed up in the questions right now, please, one question per person. Please do not be sustain G we have, I mean, just you know, of. Was to be honest. Speaker, please put up your hands and we're gonna pass the mic to you, good man. And meantime, we're gonna circle back to your Michael later. But let's move to Darrell. That was up, yo. So

Speaker 9  1:15:12  
I'm so sorry to know like, so like, listen, is I, I'll be dropping down honestly. Thank you for help those critics, for someone else to come up here. Back to my question. So job done.

Speaker 5  1:15:24  
Alright, alright, my bro. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. No problem. Yeah.

Speaker 10  1:15:35  
Dario, listen. GM, Can Can you guys hear me. Am I audible? Sorry. Am I audible? Yeah. Loud and clear. Loud and clear. Alright, cool, alright. Shout out to sweet cheeks and everybody shouts crypto Godwin. And everybody, yo GM, GM. I didn't actually come up to ask a question. I just came to actually show you, am I Rogan

Unknown Speaker  1:16:08  
yoga?

Speaker 10  1:16:10  
Okay, cool. Uh, thank you very much. So I actually want to come show support and actually show how much I should I see. Use your network like for real. I also use a winscribe, right? But if you actually use winscribe, you should know that sometimes your your gigabyte just finishes, like, randomly, maybe I should I see in the middle of the month, you just and all your things are gone, right? But your network I see, like, a whole bunch of stuff, like for even when I know I've actually just never seen something like them before, right? So even when I was making my research about your network, I had to go, I had to look. And I looked and looked at then I saw Brien from the whole ex account, raw shit. So, but anyways, I actually want to give a big shout out to the team. I actually want to give a big shout out to Fiona for actually hosting this, for bringing it up to or bringing it out to the community. And also give a big shout out to Brien himself for actually thinking about this whole innovative stuff like you get just know that I'll be always room for you guys. Like for real, always, alright, so that is just me. You show my appreciation, alright? GM, GM, guys, and have a great day.

Speaker 5  1:17:32  
Alright, that's my brother. Thanks for going up to support. And of course, shout out to you. Shout out to you. Yo show up. Thanks. Bernadette, thanks for your time. Thanks for coming up once again. Alright, we're moving with the speed of speed of hands we have

Speaker 3  1:17:50  
now. I'm not sure Nick has his hand up before the Kings, even if the kings have been up here for a while. So Nick, let's give you the mic. What's up?

Speaker 11  1:17:59  
Alright? Guys, oh, GM, GM, guys, big shout out to you. To Yemenis, sweet chicks. CG, Dario, I just want to say, you network, wow. It's amazing. No, I just, I just saw it today. I talked about it, I think few days back, but I didn't even pay attention. But today, I just went on your page. No, just went through the link. I downloaded the app, I used it, and it's so amazing, like I was trying to create an account on Steam for a long time, and it has not been going through. It's not going through for a long time. But I just used your VPN. I went through like it was real fast. I want to give a shout out to the team. You guys are doing amazing. You saw the info.

Brien Colwell  1:18:53  
Yeah, that's so good to hear. If you can give us a public review on Google or Apple? Man, that goes so far. So I just appreciate that so much. Thank you so much. All

Unknown Speaker  1:19:12  
right, yeah, I mean,

Speaker 2  1:19:13  
I want to say, okay, good, good, bro. I'll be real with you, and I'll really be straight to you, right? You can hear me, right, bro,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:23  
yeah, yeah, we can hear

Speaker 2  1:19:25  
all right. I don't know your name. I kind of forgot what's the name again, Brian, right. Yeah, Brian, yeah, Brian, let me be straight with you, bro. So first, what you building is great. I've never really seen it around, never seen it around. So I like what you build it. Um, normally I'm not supposed to speak on things like this, because I only speak on things that concern. Bit gets wallets seriously. But I'll speak on this and I'll give you some advice. You're seeking help. Up from the nicest people in the entire blockchain, and they could also be the worst people in the entire blockchain. And let me explain it to you. Then there's a recorded space, and I don't have a problem breaking it down for you. Now, I've seen a lot of people come up with a lot of great ideas. You know, one thing that really throws me off when people have great ideas is the fact that it is being tokenized. Now, the fact that it's been tokenized is a nice thing, but also a problem. That's why I asked you if you were VC funded and if you were tokenized, being VC funded is not a problem, but it could also be a problem, because I understand the part that you have to keep up with your commitment with the VCs and and being tokenized, there could be some liquidity issues when the founder decides to jigs on his own ideas and leave I'm not saying you're gonna do that, but you remember when dodge started? Dodge started as a means to clown Bitcoin, and when the founder sold, he went and bought a Honda, and he laughed at everybody, but, you know, the whole space laughed at him back when dodge went up. Remember that, right? I know, if you know about that, and a couple of people, a lot of people, to the point where most projects coming up on crypto are just a Ponzi scheme. So I will be

Speaker 2  1:21:31  
telling you this for your own good, right? Good place, but they could come after you as well. Sorry about that was so they go after you as so it's all about transparency.

Brien Colwell  1:21:50  
Because you back up a little bit,

Speaker 2  1:21:52  
you have to think, you want to bring up everybody here putting up his name and reputation for you. So just a piece of advice, bro, don't fuck this up for yourself. That's just it. I'll just be honest with you, bro. But you got a great product, by the way, but I'll just be honest with

Brien Colwell  1:22:14  
you, yeah, man, thanks. I mean, I think, like, what you're gonna see from us as just being a very transparent project. I think everything we're doing, obviously, as we go through our token launch, you'll see, you'll see things like how we've thought about it. But this isn't about like, this is very much set up in a way that it benefits the community, because long term, what the project benefits from is a strong community, and we're thinking long term with this project, yeah, I mean, I don't have much more to say about that, but, you know, I come from a startup background, right? Like I went through YC, Y Combinator in 2015 you know? And I don't know you guys are probably, maybe heard of Y Combinator in the Silicon Valley. It's like a, it's like a startup school, and they really teach you two things, one, you know, listen to users and build things that users want, and two, don't give up. And you know, that's really been the philosophy we've taken in this project. There's been a lot of twists and turns. We are, first and foremost trying to build a product that users like, that the users want, and solves the user pain point that they're having. And so when we hear people who are able to use the Internet where they haven't been able to use the internet before, that that's exactly what we're trying to do. Two stay alive. Don't give up. You know, for us, the token is important because, like I said, it's gonna help us unlock a more resilient network, at least that's what we think. But I also mentioned, right, we have not sold token. We are not selling token. We are this is simply utility token. It's not being sold as a, you know, in any way and and really, if you look at the structure of a utility token, like we, you know, we're being advised by some of the best, you know, lawyers in the area. Is all the early holders of the token are locked up. I mean, like essentially on day one, what's going to happen is the people who have the token AirDrop, the people who are participating are the ones who are going to have the most liquid token, like everyone who has token holdings. You. Is going to be locked up for a pretty substantial period. So really, you know, everyone's, everyone's aligned with a long term healthy project, we wouldn't, we wouldn't be doing an incentive structure any other way, like we wouldn't be creating an incentive structure that incentivize people to, I don't know, rug pull or, you know, sell the project. What we're trying to do is create the long term incentive we want to be and this is generally what you see with VPNs, right? Like the biggest VPN today started about 15 years ago. They just slowly, incrementally built up, and now they're the biggest ones. But you know, most of them, if you look at when they started, started in the the the odds that you know the 2000s or you know maybe 2010 that's, that's the journey we're on, right? It's a 10 year journey. It's a long journey. And we think our asset, our unique asset here, is a community that's that's participating, that's building a network of millions of nodes, not 1000s of nodes. And yeah, I mean, just, just everything we've been through and thought about, we think the token can help us get there, but, but yeah, I appreciate all the all the feedback. And yeah, feel free to DM me. Would love to keep chatting. I mean, like, I have to admit, guys, that I am healthy, healthily skeptical of everything, but I want to build a real product. And, and, yeah, I want, I want to build a product where the community, you know, gets a lot of value from it. So, yeah, looking for

Speaker 2  1:26:31  
real, bro, you're good. You're good. I mean, I just wanted you to be clear on the stuff you understand. Because I know those people, and forget the way I might present myself. I'm African. I'm Nigerian, by the way, and I know those people, and I've interact with with most of those people. I've, you know, flown out to their countries, flown out to the states. I've been with them, and I know how hard they build you understand. And I just want, you know, 2019 type of crypto vibe. You remember 2019 crypto, but today is just like it's getting fucked up, and we don't even have the market cap of gold or, you know, some real world assets yet. So this is cool. This is cool what you want to what you're building for. Because if, just imagine if wind scribe had a token. I mean, it will be great for real. So now imagine you being the next witchcraft, being the next, not VPN, being, um, you know, 1000s of other VPNs. I mean people that people still need VPN. And when people hear VPN, they just think, Oh, my God, it's for something illegal. It's not for something illegal. So I applaud you for that, and I appreciate you, so don't let what I said give you, give you concerns that you know I'm not embracing me, or I'm coming from a more criticism part of you know, it's not, it's not like that you understand. So kudos to you, bro.

Brien Colwell  1:27:54  
Yeah, thanks so much. Yeah, we, we are definitely trying to be above board. Our mission is privacy, security, availability, because of our focus on automated security. You know, we feel like we're putting a best effort into shutting down illegal activity on the network. We are absolutely not allowing, you know, illegal activity on our network. And, yeah, we think this is something that should be normalized. We think that everyone should, should, should have access to a private, secure, available network. And yeah, we don't see ourselves in any way as like a gray a gray company. We think what we're doing is, you know, purely a security encryption company. But yeah, I feel it. I feel it. All of the the crypto VPNs that have come before us and kind of flopped have definitely muddied the waters, but, you know, I think we're a very serious project, and we're, you know, we're just going to stick with it and build something really valuable for people. I mean, we're focused on the user, not the token. So, yeah, great feedback. Thank you. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:29:04  
yep, I think we're being an hour 30 minutes past and, you know, the main amazing questions and the likes, you know, we forgot to pin something up on geometron. But yeah, we also carry with what you know Brian has, you know, Brian has a guy's heart. But yeah, I'm gonna pin up the most recent,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:29  
yeah, let me go see let me go check it out,

Speaker 3  1:29:34  
pull it up. I think the most recent video made from yo I see a lot of posts from people. That's crazy. So you guys should check out the video up top on the Jumbotron. And woof. I mean, that was posted five days ago, right? Um, yeah. I think today, a lot of my, all of my co hosts, are betrayals and they just disappeared. But that's cool. I. That's good. It was a second option, course, but yeah, yeah, we'll be having a few questions. If you've got more questions. Head up, head on to the add on to the profile. I don't know. I think there's a discord, yeah, Discord currently, Discord to China, yeah. Can I just plug I think you might want to put the link tree. Yeah, you might want to put, put in a link tree on the bio, where you would list all of your social social network links. Let

