Speaker 1  0:00  
Again. Um, so guys, we have a very great project here with us, the URL network project, which I've been in touch for some weeks now. I can see the the activeness going on there, and I can see what the Dev is planning for we all is going to invest into this project. So guys, I must say this is a very, very great project we all should know more about, and we should stay tuned to the end of the segment so we can get all the info about the project. I'm so Brien brother, Brien, I don't know if you can just give us a very brief intro by yourself and how you came to the crypto space.

Brien Colwell  0:40  
Yeah, thanks Theo, thanks for putting this together. Excited for everyone joining up, and thanks for giving me the opportunity to to present today and ama with everyone. So I'm coming from San Francisco, Bay Area, California, the project is based worldwide. So we have members in Japan. We have members in all parts of the US. We're a US based project, but we we serve global users. So, so my background before coming to the project is I build infrastructure. So I'm someone who's been building distributed infrastructure for over a decade. And we actually started the project not as a crypto project. We started the project to simply build the best VPN. There were a number of issues that we saw with current VPNs, around transparency, around privacy, accessibility and security that we felt like we could make a dent on. Just very simply put, we felt like we could be a VPN that would work just like being in someone's house, meaning it would be sort of like always available, always giving you the highest quality internet. And we felt like we could build this VPN in a new way, which would, which would let this be a much better, better VPN. And so the way that we've been focused on building the VPN is actually as a large decentralized network where we have, today, what you see, where most VPNs have 1000s of participants, the way we've been thinking about your network is having millions of participants. So we are focused on sort of a one or two order magnitude increase in the number of points of presence and the number of nodes on the network, and that leads to a much more higher quality network, a more available network. And we're making a number of security decisions that we think is actually leading to a more secure network. So, so that's a little bit of background about the project. Would love to dive in to more of what we're doing, but I'll hand it over and and, yeah, leave it over to you Theo, to set the agenda.

Speaker 1  3:13  
Yeah, that's great, man. That's great. I love what you said so far. Yeah. So moving on to my first question here is, what unique talent and expertise does your team possesses that you think will contribute to the success of the project?

Brien Colwell  3:31  
Yeah, so we're product people. I think that's why I was sort of hinting at earlier, is we didn't start the project to be a token project. We think token uniquely contributes to our mission of creating a massively decentralized network. And I can go into all the reasons why we think a token is is is really valuable for what we're doing, but we're product people. We started to build just an amazing consumer and developer product. My own background, I've been, I've been building products in Silicon Valley for for over 20 years. I have over 20 patents in in the infrastructure space, and I'm just obsessed with having products that I like to use, that people can use, and that's that's kind of the same obsession the team has. Is we our success, the way we view it is, if anyone can pick up our product and get value from it, we're targeting the over 800 million people in the world who use VPNs on it daily, and we just want to be the best VPN experience for them. And so, yeah, we're just bringing a deep product experience to it, and a deep experience about launching reliable i. Distributed infrastructure.

Happy to dive into any any details there, but yeah, over to you.

Speaker 1  5:14  
Yeah, all right, that's great, man, that's great. I love what you've said so far. Yeah. So moving on my next question here is, could you guide us through the journey of the project development? What was the story behind this creation? How long did it take to bring this project together, and what drove you to create this great project?

Brien Colwell  5:36  
Yeah, yeah. So, um, so we started in in 2023 actually, with really looking at VPNs generally, and thinking, Well, if we were going to completely reinvent VPN, what would it look like? And so we kind of kicked around in 2023 all of the assumptions that went into building VPNs. And so we looked at, you know, the protocols. We looked at how they were built in terms of transparency. We looked at, you know, how they essentially routed data through the network. And we took, we took, sort of a contrarian approach to really just think like, what if we just did this totally differently, and would that achieve a better result? Is there, like, it seemed to us, like the VPN industry and the Overlay Network industry was sort of stuck in one way of doing things. So it was like, you know, very, almost textbook, where you would have, you know, you have a client and you have a server, and all your data from the client would go the server. And there wasn't a lot of new ideas, from what we could tell, really being used in any VPN. They all kind of looked very, very similar in terms of how they were built and how they were scaling and so, so that's where we started, in 2023 and and really, the first thing that we did was we really wanted to address the question of, could we take the surface area of the VPN, which was at that time, we were seeing around two to 5000 nodes was sort of the limit, like if we looked at CDNs or VPNs, around two to 5000 pops was sort of where a lot of these centralized services were capping out at and we just took the question of, well, what if we went for a million like, what if we went for a million pops? What would the network look like? How would we build this type of network? You know, what would break? What would need to be reinvented? And it turns out, like, a lot of a lot of it needed to be reinvented, and so we started with this idea that we're gonna basically shrink the pop down, so instead of having to run server grade hardware or, You know, go, go rent capacity from from ISPs, you know, we really wanted people to be able to participate fully, like meaning, like, have a high quality network built entirely from hardware and capacity that exists today, meaning, like excess capacity. And we felt that maybe like the purest expression of excess capacity was to build a network that works on phones so that, basically, people could use their phone that they have or an excess phone there are over there are billions of mobile devices in the world. It's one of the most, if not the most, ubiquitous computing platform. And so we felt like we should be able to run the network natively, entirely from phones. And so, so that was sort of our initial challenge to ourselves, is, can we build a network of a million nodes that runs entirely from from phones, Android and iOS phones. And in that journey, in 2023 we took about six, six to eight months of R and D, and we built out sort of the initial version of the network, which we launched in early 2024 to real users, and what what that network looked like is, fundamentally we, we evolved sort of a new a new way of thinking about the client server architecture. So instead of having one client connecting to one. Server and sending all your data to one server. We actually built our network as more of a marketplace where every single connection gets, gets con, gets matched to providers or participants. We call them providers, who can service that connection the best. And so if you look at our network, what's happening is like, every user has many IP addresses and many, many routes that they're sending their data through the network. And so in our network, the the data flows look look very much like, like all directions. Basically at any time in our network, a user might have 12 IP addresses and be sending their data to through to 12 different places around the world. This was like a really contrarian idea, actually, in 2023 you know, it had never really been tested before, if the internet, if the web, websites and apps, would work by by having, like so, many IP addresses on the client. As far as we knew, no one had ever tried it, and so, so we launched that in 2024 and we kind of pioneered this new model of having multiple IP addresses and multiple flows for every single client, and that's been sort of the backbone of our architecture. So we've been able to evolve that over the last year and refine it so that we can actually offer sort of best in class, four, nine, reliability, fast network using this marketplace auction model and and this is unique to what what our network is doing. We think that, you know, by sort of breaking away from the traditional client server model and going more into a marketplace model, we think that we have a network that can scale to millions of nodes and deliver the four, nine, high reliability that users expect, as well as the performance that users expect, and so so we launched that, and we've been refining since 2024 we've also been super fortunate to work with a number of partners in the space. So we have a partnership with Solana mobile, where we've been working with them on the Solana saga and seeker, you know, making sure that the network works really well on those devices and sort of runs natively and 24/7 in the background on those devices. And so, so, so we continue to iterate on this model, but, but what you see with your network is actually a new a new architecture and and it's a unique architecture. As far as, as I know, no one else is pursuing this, and we've, we've actually had a number of contrarian design decisions and ideas in our network that I'd love to, I'd love to go into, but, um, but. But at a high level, your network is built differently than pretty much every other VPN, and that lets us uniquely scale to a size that other VPNs haven't ever scaled to

Yeah. Thanks for the great question.

Speaker 1  13:34  
Thanks for that great answers, brother. I love the sincerity you guys are contemplating this project, and I can see the hard work in this project, and definitely this project is going to hit the moon. Yeah, so thanks for that great one. So moving on to my next question. You'll be about the tokenomics. So please tell our audience about the tokenomics and the distribution of the project.

Brien Colwell  13:57  
Yeah, great. So, okay, so we, we wanted your network to be a utility. We actually thought USDC was a really good starting point to look at as a as a token for for what we're doing, we we're serving a market that has a real demand. So we're serving the market for private, accessible, available internet. And so this is today, perhaps one to 5% of internet traffic, but it's growing, and if you look at the overall pie of internet traffic is internet traffic is growing exponentially. It has been for the last 30 years, and everyone expects internet traffic to continue to growing exponentially. And so we think we're growing. We're servicing a market, a demand that is. Is growing exponentially, which is, people want private internet. People want accessible internet, meaning they they want to be able to connect to the internet wherever they are, and they want sites to work without sort of blocking them based on where they're they're located physically. And we think we're serving a need for security and so, so there's a really large market of demand for this type of product. And when we looked at our token, we really looked at, how can we build something that can actually power a massively decentralized network and incentivize the network and also tap into some of the prediction powers like that We're seeing with prediction markets. Networks have similar needs to anticipate and predict future events. There's there's actually two particular needs that we're focused on with our network. So we're focused on predicting capacity, and we're also focused on predicting reliability. These are unique capacities to networks that that individuals and users have a unique ability to predict, you know, where, where we can expect capacity, or where we need capacity, and where we can expect or to give reliability. And so we built our token around basically being a utility token that services a real need with a real revenue model and and that also has predictive market tokenomics kind of built into it. And so our staking model is focused on predicting and anticipating capacity and reliability of the network and being rewarded by helping to guide the growth of the network and so. So, yeah, we think that basically, the way that people participating in our network should think about it is they are getting value for building this unique infrastructure of of millions of nodes that hasn't been built before and maintaining it. They're getting value from predicting capacity and reliability of the network. And as a business, what we're doing is we're building essentially a product that can service a real need in a real market, and we're translating basically the revenue of that of that product into into the the distributed network. And so you can think of it like, like we're building a data center together. It's a, it's a, it's a new type of data center. So it's a massively decentralized data center that has, you know, millions of points of presence, but, but just like, for example, you hear like an AI company goes and, you know, builds a new data center for, like, however many billions of dollars, that's the that's a similar outcome we expect with our data center. We expect that by having this capacity, and by having this capability that we can actually offer to consumers and businesses for real, real revenue, people who are participating in maintaining this, this infrastructure will, will basically share, share the value that's created by the infrastructure. And so that's, that's essentially the the high level of what we're trying to do with our

Speaker 1  18:57  
token. Okay, okay, that's great, man, that's great. I love what you've said, and I'm going to give you a very big shout out for that. So moving on to my next question. Here is, please tell our audience on how to buy your project token, and when will the projects launch?

Brien Colwell  19:13  
Yeah, so I really invite everyone to go download our app. So like I said, we've been, we've been launched since 2024 and, you know, and we've been iterating in production on, you know, the protocols and the security models. So if you just go to the iOS Apple Store or Google Store, we're also in third party stores like F Droid or the Solana DAPP store, just search for your network. Download it. You can try it yourself. You can you can use the network. You can participate in the network. And today we are doing, we're doing air drops of USDC. And so I want to kind of just step back a little bit and just talk about our roadmap to token launch. Because. Our token law is launching later this year, and and today, what we're doing is we're we're basically on a three phase roadmap to get to token launch. And so today, where we're at is, is what we're doing is we're taking a part of our revenue, which comes from our freemium model, where basically users pay us to get, you know, premium features and support the project. We take a portion of that revenue, we AirDrop it out every every week to users based on contribution as USDC. So that's how we've been running the network since last year, where basically we're just air dropping rewards to users starting this week. Actually, what we're doing is we're launching our points campaign this week. So what you're going to see in the app is we're backdating the points all the way to the beginning of May. But essentially, not only are you going to be air dropped USDC, but starting this week, you're also going to start seeing points accumulate for your contribution to the network. And we're also turning on referral airdrops as well. So you're going to be getting extra USDC for referring people to the network. You're also gonna be getting extra points for referring people to the network. And so this is what we call phase two. It's starting this week where we're doing USCC air drops plus points, and then when the token launches, that's what we call phase three. That's our that's our fully tokenized state, where you can basically use and and stake the product with our token when the token launches. What we're going to do is we're going to convert the points that people have earned since May forward. We're going to convert that to a very significant airdrop of the token when the token launches. And so what we're doing is is, actually, we're not selling the token at all. We are. We're focused on being a utility token, so everyone who has token has has contributed to the network in some way. And and the best way to basically get token is to participate in this phase two, where, if you participate in the network, not only will you get USDC air dropped, but you also get token air dropped when the token launches. And I just want to emphasize it's going to work, we expect to do a very significant token AirDrop. We were very focused on a fair launch of our token. So the community is going to own over half of the token supply, or it's going to be over half the token supplies going out to participants. And so the way that that we hope our token evolves. The 10 year vision of the token is we want a strong community that that's vested in building out this data center, because we think that, you know, we think that basically having, just to reiterate, having an infrastructure with millions of nodes that consumers and businesses can use for private, secure and available internet. We think that there's a real business and revenue opportunity from this, from this type of infrastructure. And as a business, we're focused on basically pursuing revenue in dollars and then basically translating that value to the participants who are are running the infrastructure. And so we're very we're very focused on making sure the community is is vested in in the token when we launch. And so, so today, we're doing a points campaign, and then those points will be converted to token on token launch.

Yeah, great question. And happy to go into more details if you want to, if you have any follow up questions.

Speaker 1  24:16  
Yeah. I was also wondering if you guys can also do, like, Um, let me say a short tutorial videos in different languages on how to buy the project token. Or, I don't know if you guys will also be planning on doing like, um. Let me see a real life campaign by um, creating like, um. Let me see a t shirt that will be designed about the project. And you guys can be like, be sharing it into the streets, for some newbies in the crypto space, or those who are not used to crypto. I hope you got my question,

Brien Colwell  24:50  
yeah, yeah, yeah. I think we're gonna have a swag store for sure. Actually, we've been working on some swag So, yeah, I. That's to be announced. But I really liked that idea. And, and we should continue to talk about that, because, yeah, we do work with some really creative people on the team, creating videos, creating content. And, and, yeah, we do want to create some some some limited swag around some really nice things we can wear. We've also been creating some, some actual objects for some of the early contributors to the project. So yeah, we're very, we're very interested in having some, some really sick swag that's unique to what we're doing. And, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, there's, there's a lot that, yeah, we want to do. We want to stay kind of true to, you know, building something high quality. We were really inspired, I guess, like if you download the app, you can probably see it hopefully, but, you know, we wanted to build something that was just easy and fun and wasn't so so, like, crypto serious, you know, we want to just kind of have fun with with networks. We want to have fun with just, you know, giving people, you know, free, free vpn that's just really awesome. And, yeah, so that that kind of fun, and that that joy. I mean, everyone in the team really just kind of likes solving these problems, and so yeah, whatever we do, we want to make sure that we have a we have fun with it, and that's something that we we're trying to that we focus on as a team.

A great question.

Speaker 1  26:45  
Thanks for that great one brother. And yeah, I think that will really, really help the project, yeah. So moving on to my next question. You'll be about. Let me see those security aspects of the project. And as we all know that security is very, very, very crucial in every project success. So please tell us a little bit about the security. Have you guys done an audit for the project, and are the smart contracts error free?

Brien Colwell  27:14  
Yeah, yeah. So yeah, we have done an audit. So we've done two. We did a masa l2 audit of the app. It's a it's a framework that Google developed to look at the data handling and sort of security on the client side of the app. And so we're, I just want to say preface is that we're entirely open source. So our clients are open source, our servers also open source. We're actually, I think, pretty one of the few, if not the only, commercial VPN that has an open source server where you can see all of the changes that go into production. So we have a repeatable build process where you can actually trace all of the the changes we launch, and actually you can, you can reproduce the builds yourself. So, so, so, auditing our our VPN is actually, hopefully, the goal is it would be actually more straightforward than most VPNs, right? Because we don't have to, for example, for example, hire a firm that that like audits us and then produces a result like, anyone can, can technically audit our code, and anyone can, you know, can obviously see what we're doing, because all of our changes are just out in the open. So, so we have done some audits so far. So we did a masa l2 which we passed a month or two ago. So you'll see on our Play Store, we have a verified by a third party badge, and so that audit is focused on the client side security practices, making sure that the client implements best practices for security, that the that user data is handled as the privacy policy says it is. And so you can see, our privacy policy is very, very minimal. We're, you know, we're really focused on on that. And I think, I think it's kind of interesting, right? Like, if you look at a VPN and look at their privacy policy, how many commercial VPNs have, you know, language in their privacy policy that they'll share your data with third parties and stuff you know, which is like, you know, it's kind of like, not. The point of a VPN is to share your data, and, you know, so, so if you look at our privacy policy, it's very minimal in terms of what we collect, what we do with the data. You know, obviously we're trying to continually improve, but we have a, we have a super minimal privacy policy, and. And and that's been audited by by our security partner. And all the results are on our documentation page. You can go to our docs, which is docs, dot URL, slash audits, and you can see all the the audit, the audit reports that, that we've, we've had, we've also done, we do regular penetration testing on the network, and so you can see our latest penetration test results as well. So So in terms of auditing our smart contracts, we have not done that yet. We do plan to, but we also plan to do a larger architectural audit as as part of our next sort of phase of the project, we want someone to actually more do have like a red team Architectural Review of of the project to make sure that under various stress conditions and edge cases, that we maintain sort of integrity for users and so, yeah, we do plan on doing more audits as we go. We plan on running a proper security program where we do regular penetration testing of our of our infrastructure. We also have a vulnerability disclosure program in place where, you know, we welcome third party contributions and assessments of our of our security, and anyone who, who wants to reach out can review our vulnerability. Disclosure program and reach out. We have a contact there where you can basically, you know, participate in third party review of the infrastructure.

Speaker 1  31:47  
Okay, okay, that's awesome, man, that's awesome. Yeah, that's a great one. Yeah, thanks for that great answers. Yeah. So moving on to my next question here will be about, um, let me say, the marketing aspect of the projects. So I don't know if you guys will be going to all those social medias, like, let me say the binance channel, the Twitter channel, the disco channel, or will you guys just focus on the telegram channel only?

Brien Colwell  32:20  
Yeah, I mean, right now we're focused on Discord and x, so we're not particularly even heavy on telegram at the moment. So our community is on Discord. So you can find us at discord.gg/your. Network. Just you our network. Two letters, you are, network. So, so most of the community hangs out on Discord. We also have X presence. We're trying to grow our ex presence in our handle. I believe the handles on the the event, but it's at Yo, underscore. You are underscore network. We're trying to get your network as a handle, but I don't know it's a long it's a long saga. And so, yeah, I think we're focused on x and discord right now, but I really love Telegram for one on one chats and and obviously, these channels and these communities are awesome, but if you really want to chat with the project like the the devs or the community members, I suggest hop on our Discord. And, yeah, we're pretty active over there.

Speaker 1  33:39  
Okay, okay, that's nice, man, that's nice. Yeah, so moving on to my next question. Here is, what's my last question here is, what benefits will be people that hold the project token? Benefits? I

Unknown Speaker  34:03  
We can't, we can't hear you. Brien,

Brien Colwell  34:06  
my bad. I'm sorry. So a couple things, what we're doing is we're following a limited supply minting curve, so we're going to have about half the token will be distributed to the community, and over a period, we I think we haven't entirely set the period, but we think we're looking at a 20 or 30 year period. But most of the token is going to be going out. It's going to be following a sort of exponential curve. So most of the token is going to be going out in the early, early stage of the project. And additionally, what we're doing is we are basically powering the providers with token. And so you can think of it like we're taking. Growing our business and our revenue, and we're, we're a piece of our business is basically, you know, putting it back into the network. And so as our revenue grows as a as a as a company, what we expect is that, you know, the demand for the token, just purely based on our need to run the network will grow. And so we think that you know, holding token, you know, is, is one strategy where, you know, people can basically for participating early, for being early. Just holding token is a strategy to to see value. The other strategies that we've been looking at are what I kind of mentioned around these staking strategies that align with adding value to the to the network. And so the two areas that we've identified where we think there's unique value that can be added by token holders is staking. We call it capacity staking and reliability staking, so identifying areas where there will be growth in the network and bringing demand to those areas. So for example, helping us identify where we need, we need more capacity on the network, and also bringing more demand for the network into certain areas that will help users can basically yield, earn yields by by by doing those activities. And so in the product, it looks very similar to like a prediction market. You can just sort of predict where capacity should be, where you think capacity is growing, and just by sort of guiding the network in terms of predictions, you can actually earn yield. The same with reliability, if you can help us predict which participants will achieve certain reliability milestones, such as three nines or four nine reliability. So you know, just a quick reminder, like three nine reliability is less than a minute, or it's about a minute of downtime every day, every 24 hours. So if, if you can predict which providers will be the most reliable. That information is actually really valuable to us, like measuring reliability and predicting reliability is kind of a key information of the network, just like measuring and predicting capacity. And so if you can help us predict reliability correctly, you could also earn yield on the network and so. So those are the two activities we're really focused on, where, if you hold token, you can basically participate in this prediction market, where you can help us grow the network and earn yield. Excuse me. I'm sorry. One sec, you can also use the network with your token. So if you have token and you just simply want to use the network, what happens is the network sets $1 to gigabyte of transfer price. And basically, if you just want to, if you just want to send data on the network, you can actually just put token into the network, and then it will convert at a fixed dollar to gigabyte price as you use the network. And so you know, simply using the token to send data on the network is another option. I think, in practice, though, what you're going to see is, as a business, we're going to be selling capacity to various users and other businesses, and as a as a participant, probably the what you're more interested in is, is the the prediction market of using the token to guide the network as well as, you know, just just seeing the accrued value from from more demand of the network. And so, yeah, that's how we're that's how we see, you know, the evolution of the token.

Speaker 1  39:21  
Oh, okay, brother, okay. That sounds nice. Man. That sounds nice. Yeah. So um, please thus, um, last on this last question we just um, came into my mind. So um, concerning you guys, um, community members. So I don't know if you guys are planning on doing like, Um, let me say a competition for the community members to participate, like, Um, let me say, a buy competition, an active contest, a shielding contest, or a PFP contest for the committee members to participate. Or will you guys be planning on doing that in the nearest future? Because, um, the last project we hosted, we organized like, Um, let me say, opf. Contest for my committee members to participate in the Twitter and, yeah, that was a great one for the project that brought on more engagement into the project. So I don't know if you guys will be planning on doing that in the nearest future.

Brien Colwell  40:13  
Yeah, we are. We are, I think check our x. We're going to be putting putting a lot of stuff on x going forward. So yeah, we are planning a bunch of events over the next month. So, so yeah, just, just check our x, join our Discord. And yeah, we, we, and we should continue talking as well. But yeah, we are planning on getting the community involved. And yeah, we, we're working on a few things at the moment.

Speaker 1  40:41  
All right. All right, that sounds good, yeah. So, um, I don't know if you are ready for the community questions now, because I can see some hands up. All right, yes, um, so let's get them first with Space Ranger. Hey, Space Ranger, are you there? I Are

Unknown Speaker  41:12  
you there? Can you guys hear me?

Brien Colwell  41:21  
Yeah, yeah, I can hear you.

Speaker 2  41:22  
Okay, fantastic. Um, great presentation. So far, I love what I've heard. So moving straight to my question. My first question will be about, um, the funding of this project. I would like to know, is this project self funded, or how is the funding coming like the revenue for funding this project? How is it coming in?

Brien Colwell  41:42  
Yeah, great question. So we're, we originally were Bootstrap, self funded, but we've actually raised a seed round of venture funding. We we've raised the seed round from Silicon Valley seed investors, so purely based on product investing, so to build the best Consumer and Business Network possible. So we are not like I mentioned. We're not selling the token. We've never sold the token. We have taken investment as a product company, and and as we go forward, that's, that's kind of the that's the plan is to continue to take investment as a product company. And obviously part of our company is to, you know, run the token, which we think is, like, a really advantage that we have, like, where the, you know, we plan to be the most decentralized, largest overlay network in the world, and the token uniquely enables that to happen. But, you know, we plan on doing future future investment as a product company, and so, yeah, we are actually planning future investment.

Speaker 2  42:57  
Awesome. That makes sense. That makes sense. So moving on to my next question is about partnership and collaborations. You know, partnerships is very essential in every project, so I like to know who are your partners for this project, and what benefit you plan on gaining from this partnership?

Brien Colwell  43:14  
Yeah, yeah. So our best partner so far, and the partner that you can go to our AX, and you can see it, but we, we have a partnership with Solana mobile. So Solana mobile is a product group in Solana that builds a phone, and they build a deep in focused App Store, as well as, like, a defi focused App Store. So, so we've been working on Solana mobile for over a year, and you know, we're making sure that we work really well with their phone. We, you know, we did a promotion with them. You can, you can check it out on our x it's pinned at the top, but we have an active promotion with Solana mobile right now, so that's been great. Right now. We're also looking at how we can start to bring more developer and business use cases onto the network. And so we've had conversations with a number of browsers and AI companies about how we can embed the network into their products. I think overall interest is very high in this space right now. I think something that's kind of interesting is you see, a lot of products are embedding VPNs into their products. I think for us as a new company, we're still trying to find the right partners where we can find a unique relationship that we can kind of scale together. And so we don't have anything to announce yet, but, yeah. We're actively working on partnerships where we can embed the network into more products that people like and that people use every day, and that give sort of unique value right like where we can make those products more private, more accessible and available and more secure. And so that we're actively working on additional partnerships, but we don't have anything to announce today beyond Solana mobile,

Speaker 2  45:30  
awesome. Thanks for answering my questions. Thanks Williams for the opportunity. I'll check you guys.

Speaker 1  45:39  
All right, yeah, thanks, Space Ranger for that great question. Um, so let's get to next with um, defy will. Hey, defy way Lalita.

Unknown Speaker  45:59  
Hey guys, can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  46:02  
Yes, we can hear you.

Speaker 3  46:05  
Okay, great presentation, brother. So basically, I just want to ask, so how quickly do you guys respond to community feedback, and do you guys take the feedback seriously?

Brien Colwell  46:19  
Yeah, yeah, we do. Like, tonight I was working on we're iterating on feedback every day, like we're launching tweaks and updates every day based on feedback. We are focused a lot right now on two areas, particularly, we have kind of, like two macro themes that we're focused our development on. One is performance and just making sure that the network is working like to everyone's expectation. And so we're taking a lot of feedback right now on where it's not working as well as people would like, and and working on tweaking the system so that it addresses those issues. We're also been working a lot on beyond the points campaign and launching our phase two. We've been working a lot on statistics and so that people can get more detailed information about the network, and we have a number of people who are sort of developing against the network, and like building out their own dashboards and visualizations of the network. And so we've been working a lot to basically improve our statistics and improve the way that we expose data about the network. And so we've been taking a lot of feedback on that, some areas, also that generally we always are interested in. So So today we've launched iOS, Android, Mac OS, and we have a command line provider, so you can actually participate in the network on Windows, Linux and a bunch of platforms from our command line, any bugs or issues with those we take very seriously. We like work on those, like top priority. So we're working on a number of, like, just some visibility, we have a number of like, open like threads we're fixing from community feedback. Like, we have community members deploying our provider onto a bunch of different hardwares that we, you know, we work with different people on making sure we have builds. And there's always sometimes random issues on different hardware that that we encounter. So we work with the individuals on making sure everything works well on their hardware. And we also, you know, are consistent constantly, you know, doing bug fixes, but, but, yeah, I mean, we take feedback super seriously where, I mean, you could, if you join our Discord, you'll see like we we're talking and working with the community like 24/7 and, you know, making tweaks to make things work better.

Unknown Speaker  49:14  
Thank you very much for that answer, brother,

Speaker 1  49:17  
yeah, thanks somebody for that Great question. Um, so let's get to next week. So

Brien Colwell  49:45  
all right, I guess we're at time to I mean, if there's no more questions, we can just wrap up. It's been a real, real honor and real pleasure to be. Able to connect with everyone today.

You um, Theo, you still there.

We, we might have lost, lost our moderator, I guess just wait it. Wait a minute for him to come back. Can you me?

Speaker 1  50:47  
Yeah, I can hear you now. Sorry, I was having some network issues, so I got that. I got um, rave, um, unmuted. So hey, Rafe, are you there?

Speaker 4  50:56  
Yes, I'm doing. Sorry, my network got me by the are you guys doing?

Unknown Speaker  51:03  
I'm doing great, man.

Speaker 4  51:04  
Okay, okay, nice presentation, by the way. So I'll go straight to my question, what has been your greatest achievement to the state of this project? Yeah,

Brien Colwell  51:16  
yeah, yeah. I can speak to two things that I think are pretty cool. So first, well, I'll speak to three things. So first, I think proving that we can build a network where a user has many IP addresses and that it works perfectly fine. I think that that was a contribution to VPN. So I think that generally, I think you're gonna see a lot more.

Unknown Speaker  51:49  
Hello. Okay, I think I have a question to ask you.

Brien Colwell  51:57  
Actually, can you? Can you hear me, yes. Can I let me just wrap up rafe's question, and then yeah, for sure. Would love to take the next question. Anyway. I think Rafe was asking what our achievements are today. So I just want to say multi IP. I think that's a we made a big contribution to the space. I think you're going to see a lot more projects go down this direction. Also, I think we are focused on our security model. So we we run a we have a very different approach to security. So we don't do any logging anything. Instead, what we run as a security program on every on every node, that automatically sort of shuts down bad behavior and it makes it safe for everyone to participate in the project. I think that that's a contribution, because as far as I'm aware, no other network really approaches participant safety like this. And I think for us, that was a big focus is, how do we make it safe to participate? The third thing I think we made as a contribution to the space generally, is the ability to basically run the node on on just a normal phone. I think that that was a pretty awesome contribution. A lot of projects focus on you sort of, you're either a participant or a user. We wanted participants and users to be the same, like the same app, the same everything, and so that, you know, for us, that was, like a, I think, a cool contribution to the network space. So, yeah, great question.

Speaker 4  53:37  
Thanks for watching my question. Bro. Nice. Amy,

Speaker 1  53:42  
yeah. Um, thanks Ray for that great question. Um, so let's get to next with um. Nathaniel. Hey, Nathaniel, idea, yes,

Unknown Speaker  53:50  
I come here. I hope I'm audible.

Brien Colwell  53:55  
Can you hear me? Yeah, we can hear

Speaker 5  53:58  
Thank you very much. So I've been listening to your project since the other time, and I think

Speaker 5  54:10  
so I what I wanted to ask is, are they rooms, or what have you created? There is kind of an AI, or maybe you have invoke an AI or a machine learning into your project to bring in new features, like to modernize the project. In a sense of like, maybe you are introducing new features, like AI and other algorithms to make the projects much better. So is there any rooms for your project, in this sense, to bring in the new technology into your project?

Brien Colwell  54:50  
Yeah, yeah. Great, great question. Absolutely, absolutely, so, so like i. Mentioned, we run a security program on every note, like every device on the network, so both users and and providers, we run a security program that basically looks at the traffic and detects traffic that would cause issues for providers and shuts it down basically before it before it even touches the providers network, we shut down the bad behavior. So this is a space of packing inspection and protocol inspection that is really interesting, because, you know, basically this is an area where we would like to involve more machine learning and more AI. We think that this is a really key area to growing the network, is making sure that people can participate without worrying about, you know, any, any issues about participating. And so, yeah, we were definitely looking at how we can do more ml and and AI in that area. We also spent a good amount of time last year developing a learning ad blocker that that would actually learn based on real traffic, third party sites and third party activity, and be able to kind of shut it down without having to rely so much on block lists. I will say that one of the unique challenges of AI in our context, which is, we run in the background all the time. So we're, we're always running in the background for every single packet, and so there's actually a lot of a lot of packets, and there's a lot of data that's being sent every day. So I mean on the order of, sometimes millions of packets a day. And so there is a concern of when you have a program that uses too much AI or too much ml, it can use too much battery and CPU. And so, like, for example, that sort of what we saw with our with the ad blocker we developed, is that, you know, actually the amount of battery and CPU it uses is sometimes too much, and so that's sort of a unique challenge to our space is, how can we sort of adapt some of these learning techniques, but adapt them in a way that's very low resource utilization, so that, you know, we are, we're not draining the battery or drain, you know, using too much CPU, which drains the battery and so, so, yeah, we're actively looking at that, I think, for us where, sorry, where we've identified, probably the biggest opportunity is in our security models. And, yeah, we're actively interested in in upgrading our security models to be more learning, more dynamic, and, and, and that's an area that, yeah, we will be investing to in the future.

Speaker 5  58:26  
Wow. All right, that's very great. I think I love that part of your project. So lastly, is there room for workers to come and join your community? Maybe you're employing, maybe, probably people that might go so is there any room for that?

Brien Colwell  58:47  
At the moment, we don't have budget for for new employees, but yeah, we love people to come on the discord and just be part of the community as we grow. I mean, I mentioned we're trying to raise more money, more more product investment. As we grow, there's going to be more opportunities. I think what you've seen with us as a company is typically like, people in our community end up just joining the company. I think that's pretty common with a lot of companies, and so, yeah, it's, you know, I think just joining the community is a great, a great way to start just getting to know everyone and getting to know the project, and discord is the best place to go to to join the community.

Unknown Speaker  59:35  
Guys, can I ask my question?

Speaker 1  59:40  
Yeah, thanks Nathaniel for that great question.

Speaker 6  59:44  
Sorry, I have a bad connection, so I will ask my question immediately. So my brother, do you have work on the project all the time? So how does your team manage the time for the project and what plan? Plans. Do you have in place to help each team member copy with stress and tiredness while working forward, achieving for the project goals?

Brien Colwell  1:00:13  
Yeah, okay, so, so I have some experience here, so a great question, and, and I love it. So actually, everyone at the company is a, is a, is a parent. So, like, we obviously have unique, like, stresses in our lives, right, where we have kids and we're not like, we're not the youngest company, we're just like a bunch of, you know, 20 year olds. We're a little bit older than that. And so the way I view it is stress and and mental health and burnout can really be separated. So So obviously this project is stressful, meaning we, you know, we're a small team. We're running a global infrastructure at four nines reliability. And, you know, we're always having to, you know, keep this thing running. But stress doesn't have to be like detrimental, because we we focus on being a very positive team, so meaning we don't. We don't take it out on each other, you know, like we don't. Nobody gets blamed if something bad happens. We realize, like we hate it too, when you know the product doesn't work as well as we think it should work, or whatever, but we don't. We realize, like, we're not gonna, we're not gonna, we're not gonna take it out on ourselves, if, if we have a failure, and I think that's really important to prevent burnout. I think if you're, if you're, if you're afraid of failing, if, if, when you fail, like, you know it's really bad, then that causes a lot of bad consequences of stress. But I think for us, we have a happy stress, meaning, like, we try to stay very positive, we try to stay very supportive of each other and realize, like, We're trying our best and and I think even though it's stressful, that that that helps us stay mentally clear, but, but, yes, it is a challenge. It is a challenge. I think especially, you know, for infrastructure, where you have to run it at, you know, 24/7, high reliability. If stress is always a challenge, there's always issues where you just wish you could go to bed and you just can't go to bed because you got to you got to fix that issue before you go to bed. And and that is a unique, a unique stress to to this. I think, luckily, we've been doing this for a while, so we're very focused on minimal automated systems. And, you know, I've been through hell with on call, and that's not what we're doing here. So So yeah, we're trying to build this intelligently so that the system itself doesn't stress us out more than it has to. And so I think we've done a pretty good job at that. We've we've been able to maintain reliability with pretty minimal maintenance or tickets. So, yeah, great question, though. I mean that that is certainly, certainly a question that gets to the heart of it for sure.

Speaker 6  1:03:29  
Okay, man, that's a good and great answer. Thank you so much, and have a good day. Guys,

Speaker 1  1:03:35  
yeah, thanks diawell for that great question. Yeah. So guys, um, we have come to the end of today's segments, um, so brother Brien, I don't know if you can just give us, um, a final words to give the investors before we end this emu up.

Brien Colwell  1:03:55  
Yeah, yeah. So, um, so, so, yeah. Thanks everyone for the time. Thanks everyone for being here and the great questions and this opportunity, the biggest compliment you can give us as a project is to use the product and give us feedback. We are focused on building a product that works for people, that solves a real need for people we want, we want to be the best VPN, or for you, for users, for just normal people, as well as for businesses who are embedding VPNs. And so if you use the product and give us feedback, that's extremely helpful. I think that's what you're going to see also from our project, is just a focus on being a real, useful product. We think that that is the foundation for everything. So being real, creating real value, that that will lead to success. And so, yeah, generally, you know, I. I would welcome and appreciate any feedback from people. And if you're a VPN user, you know, just try this out. Let us know if we work for you. And yeah, just looking forward to to all the feedback. And thank you very much.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:22  
Good evening. Hear

Unknown Speaker  1:05:25  
me, yeah, all

Speaker 1  1:05:26  
right. Oh yeah, right, yeah, thanks, brother. Great

Speaker 1  1:05:35  
questions we have today. Um, after this section, I'll be posting today's winners, and I'm gonna be also adding more winners to the list, so we can get plenty winners today. So brother, thanks for coming in. After this section, I'll be sending the recording so you can get it posted.

Brien Colwell  1:05:53  
Awesome. Thanks to Thanks for organizing this it's been a real pleasure, and thanks everyone. I I'm.

