Moderator  0:00  
Question, I think we can get started. So welcome, once again, it's a pleasure to have you Colwell with the acresta Coal community. So before we get started, is it possible for you to give us a brief introduction about yourself that was about your background, what the your network is all about, what the project is all about, what you viewed in and how does it, you know, how the crypto industry and users want to get involved?

Brien Colwell  0:27  
Yeah, great. Thanks for having me here. So yeah, I'm with the project called your network. We started two years ago to build the best VPN, and we started by kind of out of frustration with the current state of VPN so we were super frustrated by the commercial VPN offerings and lack of transparency with the VPN space. So we felt like many VPNs were run sort of where you didn't really know what was going on on the servers. We wanted to be completely opposite to that. We wanted to have a completely open source model with a reproducible chain so you could see all of the changes going to the server, and we also wanted to advance the state of privacy and availability for VPN. So we noticed that basically most VPN services had on the order of 1000s of servers. What we wanted to do was increase that by at least one or two orders of magnitude. We wanted to go to millions of nodes. We felt like privacy and availability would get better by having millions of nodes on the VPN. So on the privacy side, we felt like we could distribute traffic more broadly through the internet and in a more anonymous network that was harder, harder to trace and give it give people sort of hard privacy, anonymity and on the availability side, there's really kind of two problems that we were focused on. So we were focused on from the user to the cloud, making sure that traffic is not filtered and blocked when the users are trying to basically use the VPN, but then also from the cloud to the internet. So as users are on the VPN, we wanted to make sure that the VPN worked just like local internet would work, so all the websites worked. You know, users weren't sort of differently for using a VPN and so. So that's really where we where we started with our project is we wanted to to build this super transparent VPN that worked just like local internet wherever you are in the world, and also gave users this hard privacy that they didn't have on other networks, because, you know, other networks would route your data sort of through a central server, and it wasn't, you know, really guaranteed that that you would have privacy on that data. What we wanted to do was just have something that was much more hard, much more mathematically sound, and so we started just by kind of thinking the VPN, and I'd love to tell you about, you know, how we've rethought it, and what we're doing differently, but that's really Our project, is we're a complete rethink of of what a VPN is and how a VPN is built.

Speaker 1  4:08  
That's fantastic. So that's that's amazing, because, you know, let's talk about the security industry. I myself do make use of VPN sometimes, and we do have some bullshit VPN that side, and a lot of people are coming up with different VPNs just for security purpose, and people to kind of like, you know, have connection with other countries and all this stuff at same times. You know, some initiate some, you know, certain amount of fees and other stuff. So with that, say, do you guys, you know, have like, a certain fee attached to yours? And if so, what does it cost for users to make use of it? Is it like a monthly subscription or, you know?

Brien Colwell  4:47  
Yeah, so we're a free, free product, and I want to explain that, because it's a it's a little counterintuitive. So we're a freemium product. Product, actually, I should say so we're a free product, but we have a premium offering as well for users who want to upgrade. So if you look at a VPN, the biggest expense to running a VPN is actually running all of the servers and all of the internet subscriptions to handle the capacity. So a traditional VPN, the way it works is it would go out and rent capacity on a bunch of points of presence or data centers around the world, and each of these would, you know, have some some costs to basically keep it running and keep it there for when users wanted to sort of use that location or route the data through that location. So our model is is different. So instead of us going out and renting capacity with different points of presence, what we do instead is we build a protocol that anyone can participate in where, when you join this protocol, what you're doing is you're joining this big decentralized infrastructure that is utilizing existing capacity out there in the world. So wherever the participants are from, we're tapping into the existing capacity of those networks, and so we're able to basically offer high quality network based on existing capacity, but we're doing it much more efficiently than than than traditional VPN model. And so because this is a step function forward in terms of efficiency, we can actually offer high quality VPN for free, because we aren't paying for all of the capacity. We have a business model on top of this. So we, we are a business that's that's bringing real revenue, but our business model is really about providing user value for a complete connected experience for consumers and then for businesses and developers who is using the network. We're focused on basically giving them SDKs and tools to tap into the network on a pay per usage or enterprise enterprise plan and so. So what that really looks like is we target an upgrade rate of one to 4% of our users upgrading to a more premium version of the network. So the network is free for everyone. There are some usage caps to prevent abuse, but when you upgrade, you actually get to participate in the voting process of the network. So so our paid users are the ones who actually determine who gets who where the earnings go on the network. Our paid users also get sort of priority data on the network, so they get faster data, and we're working on a bunch of options to give our paid users even more access to Wi Fi and cell networks while they're using the network. And you can think of it like the way, the way we see it is we have a network, a base network that anyone can tap into, any anyone can use and participate, and then we're sort of making that network more available and usable in our premium and developer offerings. And so, for example, there are a number of cases where we can add additional capacity so that we can help people use the network sort of various nodes and protocols that require server capacity to use the network. We can, we can make the network work in more places, like on public Wi Fi and other other scenarios by adding capacity. And that's really where we're focused as a as a premium offering is giving people that sort of one stop, complete connectivity solution that we kind of view our our paid offering. So, so, yeah, we're building it a little bit differently than other VPNs. We're not trying to gate, keep the the network itself. Instead what we're. Focused on is offering a complete value of connectivity in all kinds of different scenarios to our paid, paid users, and additionally make it easy for businesses and developers.

Speaker 1  10:16  
That makes fluid sense, that makes sense. No, I love it. So what co futures do you guys, you know, have in place that kind of like set you apart from other traditional VPN remote asset solution?

Brien Colwell  10:29  
Yeah, so.

So I want to break down two aspects of our of our VPN that are unique and pioneering in the space. So, so the first aspect is, is what we call the the multi IP marketplace. So if you look at how a traditional VPN works. It connects a user to a server, and then it routes all the data through that server. So it's sort of like a one to one model. There's like a user connected to one server, and then all the data is sort of routed to that server. We fundamentally deviated from this model. So instead of having a single server and a single IP address, what we do on your network is every user has many IP addresses at the same time, so they're sending their data simultaneously through many different nodes. And so what happens and why this is actually a really good thing for privacy and reliability of the network is every single connection you make. So if you, if you connect to a website, and look at all the all the network activity, you're connecting to many different servers to serve the different images and resources from the website, and you're also connecting to APIs and and a bunch of different a bunch of different server there's like, it's it's actually quite fascinating. If you open up developer tools, when when you load a website, you can see all of the the network connections. There can be hundreds of network connections under the hood of a website or or an app, if you're just using an app and each of those connections, what we're doing is we're we're running what we call our, our our auction on on the network. So basically, your client is asking the network for providers who can service that connection. And then it's basically running an auction to see who can do the best the fastest connection. And for every connection, is choosing the provider who can give the fastest connection. And so what's really great about that is it solves two problems. One problem is you always get the fastest connection. So because, because you're you're running an auction for every single connection, and choosing the fastest one, you end up with sort of strictly the fastest connection for every server you're trying to connect to, which is really great. The second thing it solves is it spreads your traffic out in a way so that not your traffic isn't always going to the same server and and also, if any one node becomes unavailable, because we're a decentralized, you know, community network, right? Nodes are coming in, in and out all the time. If any one node goes down, it's actually not a big deal because, because basically only a small percentage of your connections go through any one node. And so, so basically you're able to adapt for, for, for node outages more more resiliently. And so so we really like this model of auction, because we think it gives users more privacy, it gives users a faster and more reliable network. But it's sort of new, I think a lot of people when we started, and I just want to say, I think as far as I'm aware, we're the only network that does a multi IP model where you have multi. Multiple IPS out simultaneously when you're connected to the network. When we started, we had, you know, many, many people didn't know if this would even work, if the the internet would even work with if you had multiple IPs. But I'm really happy to report that not only is your network free, but it's also one of the best VPN connections you can get. You know, users love the high quality connections. They love of how fast and reliable is. And I think overall, it's just a, it's just a really, really good, really good model to build a VPN on. And I think that's something that we've innovated, and we've shown that we can actually build a great user experience using multiple IP addresses. The The other thing that's that's really great about our model, our multiple IP model, is it avoids a lot of blocking scenarios as well, because you can imagine different servers are available in different regions, because we choose, basically the providers that can route the traffic the best. It naturally routes traffic to regions where that where those servers are available. And so it's going to naturally able to work around various regional blocks and regional outages. And so that's really nice to essentially, we can give people a consistent internet and adapt to various the various blocking on the internet. And so, so that that's one, like, really technical. And, you know, I apologize for kind of diving under the hood there and talking, no problem, no problem at all. Yeah, but I want to give people just, just a sense that, you know, we really took a step in a totally different direction than other VPNs, I think, you know, ever and we've, we're building a totally different, you know, multi IP VPN, there's one other difference that that makes us different than other VPNs. So we certainly aren't the first decentralized VPN, but I think we're the first that focuses on participant safety, so and ease of participating. So you can actually participate in the project entirely from a phone we've we've really focused on making the network work well from phones, both Android and iOS. So you can actually use the network and participate in the network entirely from a phone that was actually really important to us, because phones are some of the most, you know, if not the most ubiquitous computing platform in the world. We wanted to reuse and work with the existing hardware, and so we've put a lot of effort into making sure the network, your network, works well, both as a user and and and a participant entirely from a phone. And part of that has been our focus on safety for participants. So when I've been a tour user for a long time, but I'm very aware that running a tour node is is not for the light hearted. We when we started the project, we knew we needed to make it safe to participate. If we wanted to have millions of nodes, we needed to make it safe and easy for anyone to participate. And so this focus on safety has led us down a path where, essentially what we want to do is, we want to make it safe, but we also want to make it private. And so those two are actually not conflicting, because what we do is, instead of, we don't do any logs. We don't we don't log data that that's like, a that's very important to us. Like, we don't want to, we don't want to be in a position where we have to log a bunch of data and, like, you know, scrape through logs to figure out, you know, who's doing what on the network. And instead, what we do is we focus on building automated security that runs. Runs privately without logs on every single node and basically detects bad behavior and shuts it down privately before it hits the network. So so what you can think of your network is basically, we've taken a lot of technology that you'll see in personal firewalls and technology around personal security,

and we basically but put that into every single node so that if we detect activity that would cause issues for providers. We shut down the activity privately, meaning we don't we don't log it, we don't do anything to it. We just simply shut it down and before it hits the network. And so this is really great, because essentially, it lets us adapt really fast to to shutting down behavior that would get providers in trouble or or cause issues for providers, and we can do it in a way that's like respectful to everyone's Privacy, meaning, you know, we don't have to log or report bad behavior. We just simply shut it down and so, so this is really great. The network, essentially, we've been doing, we've been iterating and building the security program since we've launched. It's all open source. You can see exactly what it does. In summary, what it does is it shuts down a lot of computer hacking and botnet type behavior. So we focus on servicing users, so making sure the web works, making sure apps work, a lot of debugging administration protocols don't work on our network because those are what mostly hacking and sort of Botnets use. We also shut down file sharing on the network, and the reason there is that that gets providers into trouble. Basically, routing file sharing traffic is like one of the biggest issues for providers, and so for us to have millions of nodes where people can participate safely, we need to make sure that people don't get don't get in trouble for participating. So we shut down file sharing on the network. So that's an example of what our security program is doing. Is it's it's sort of shutting down behavior that's causing issues for providers. Because, I mean, if you just think about it, right, if it's hard for people to participate in the network, we're not going to get millions of nodes right. So we need to make it safe for people to participate, but we do that in a way that that's also respectful for privacy. So so right? We can do we can create safety, but we can also have privacy. And so we do that by automating all these safety rules. So, so that's another thing that's pretty unique to what we're doing. As far as I'm aware, there aren't other networks that are kind of peer to peer with such an emphasis on safety. We are. We develop our our safety program as kind of a core part of our network. So not only are we building a network with, like, all this great protocols, but we also build a safety program that keeps the network safe to participate as part of the network. And so our, you know, our network is like, not only is it a packet, but it's also security intelligence. And so that's, that's, that's unique to what we're doing as well.

Speaker 1  24:07  
Makes sense. I'm actually in the kitchen, cooking, so great to answer my next question in terms of, like, basic users experience, which is something very, you know, normal people need to experience something. I'm definitely going to give feedback. So can you share some, you know, a feedback from any of the users who have made use of bps, how they, you know, go about it. Is it like a good feedback from your head? And if so, can you share some, you know, basic good things you hear from them? Yeah,

Brien Colwell  24:34  
yeah, um, yeah. So, we're, we're, obsessed with building a product that users use and users like. So we actually started not as a crypto project. We started just to build a great VPN. We found that tokens are a very good fit. It for the type of infrastructure we're building. And so we are basically in the process of launching a token to do a number of things beyond incentivization, to go into predictive market aspects of the network. So so we're very we're very keen about all the benefits that token can bring to the networking space, but at our core, as a company, we are focused on building a product, a VPN, that that just works great for people. And so like we really look at all of the issues, we're continually improving and tweaking the network so that it's just it's giving people the best VPN they've ever had. And so some of the stats that I think are really great about our VPN and kind of speak to the feedback, and I'll go into some examples of feedback after this, but is we see about half of our users who install the VPN retain as active users of the VPN, and so, you know, I would just, you know, just a quick kind of shout out, everyone can go install the VPN right now. It's on the iOS App Store as well as Google Play. We're also on F Droid and the Solana, the app store for the for the salon of mobile phones, just search for your network. Install it, check it out. But we see, we see about half of the users who install the VPN become become daily active users, and sort of replace their VPN with your network. And so we think that's a great stat, because we see a lot of people ditching their existing VPN and hopping over to your network. We, you know, we strive to offer, to give our users the same value they're getting with other VPNs, greater value, but obviously give it to them free, and, and, and so we're seeing, we're seeing a lot of people enjoy that and get value from it. In that way. We hear a lot of use cases, basically, because we're so focused on so many nodes and the quality of the connection, meaning we're focused on basically making your internet connection look like just a normal local user anywhere in the world, because that gives you the best availability, and if you have great availability, you also have great privacy, because it means you can basically distribute and route your traffic wherever you want to go. So availability creates great privacy, and because, because we're we're giving users an internet that works just like the local internet. We have a lot of use cases where people are able to basically use the internet like they've just never been able to. We have use cases where people can use gaming services, people can watch content. We have use cases where people can register and use various localized services in ways that they just they were never able to do before, because those services were sort of, you know, blocking them, right? Like they were people using more traditional VPNs. They want to be private and secure, but then some of the websites didn't work on those VPNs. And so with our VPN, you know, because of our model, our unique decentralized model that focuses on giving people real, real local internet access, a lot of websites just work on our VPN where they don't work on other VPNs. And so, so we get a lot of feedback from people who are, you know, just, just basically able to use the internet more naturally and just have a great, you know, they can have privacy security and an Internet that works. And so we really value that we're giving people basically all three and and that's what we're really focused on.

Speaker 1  29:33  
Awesome. Sorry, I'm actually taking my breakfast. So I think that's amazing. Let's talk about the the they the marketing perspective, which is something I didn't mention from the beginning, because, you know, there are different people from the world. Most of them are kind of like restricted from using VPN for some, you know, kind of like security reasons and all this stuff. So how did you plan to, you know, get to those brothers. Of the insurer in terms of like this VPN that can help them reach out to you, to other people due to, like, their country restriction and all those stuff, etc. So what are the basic plans to, you know, get awareness in terms of like Japanese exposure, in terms of like marketing perspective on all this,

Brien Colwell  30:18  
yeah, yeah, distribution and awareness is the biggest problem in VPN. There's so many options out there. There are so many there's so many choices. And we're focused on, well, first and foremost, we're focused on happy users. So we think that users who recommend the VPN, you know, to others, that's a organic channel there, that's a that's what we're really focused on. So we actually launched a referral program this week actually, you're going to be getting extra airdrops and extra points. So our points campaign is launching this week as well. For our token, you're going to be getting extra airdrops and extra points for referring people to network, the word of mouth and and bringing new people in from our existing users, that's really important to us, that organic growth. Additionally, we have a partnership with Solana mobile. So we've been on on the Solana saga phone for since, since pretty much its launch. And we're, you know, really happy that we've been working with Solana mobile to make sure our VPN works like really well on their new hardware. So we have a promotion going on for all users of Solana mobile, as well as pre orders of the seeker phone to give extra earnings for for using the network from from a Solana mobile phone. So we're really excited about onboarding a bunch of new Solana mobile users, as the seeker gets, gets shipped out in the next, you know, in early August. So we're really excited about that. And, you know, we're also focused on our own token launch. So we feel like we're, we're working towards a token it's going to be on Solana, that it's a utility token, so we've never sold it. We're doing a fair launch, but we think we're, we're creating a token that has a real utility and and we're really excited about it, and we think that as people, not only get value from using the network and referring people, but there's a lot of opportunity to use the token to predict the network and kind of interact with the statistics of the network. We're trying to make the network feel kind of like a prediction market, where you can actually just, you know, really go deep in the stats of the capacity and reliability of the network, and we think just, you know, being able to sort of interact with the network and in a new way, right, like helping guide capacity and reliability using the token, we think that's really cool. And there's a lot of people, I think, from the crypto space, who, who I think are going to really enjoy what we're doing with our token and how we're sort of melding VPN and overlay networks with with with the tokenomics. And so we're really excited about that bringing new users in. So so, yeah, I think overall, it's a it's a slow and steady progression. We're also working on various partnerships where we can embed the network into various products. We don't have anything to launch to announce yet, but, but we're actively working on embedding the networks into top, top consumer products, so that, basically, you see a lot of browsers and AI tools embedding VPNs. Today, we want to be wherever users are, wherever users are using browsers and AI tools and communication tools. We think there's an opportunity to embed your network to make them more private, available and secure and so, so we're, we're working with an with a number of pilots right now, and, yeah, we hope to announce various partnerships as we as we progress. Yeah. Yeah, great question

Speaker 1  35:03  
makes sense. So moving ahead to my next question, before we take the last one and open the floor to some community question. So can you share some, like, a bit of your goal, your future plans, where you guys are planning to move ahead in terms of, like, longevity for the past next six months. What do you want to you know, find yourself and how did you find an accomplishment?

Brien Colwell  35:27  
Yeah, so,

so we've as a project. We've taken funding, seed funding, we're, we're going to be looking at new funding. We don't have anything to announce right now, but we're looking at some more funding as we continue to see growth. We're seeing pretty awesome growth right now from a user perspective, and we are also really excited about our token launch, and so we're working on additional funding for the company. We also, because we are a completely open source product, our clients, our servers, you can see all of the development activity that's happening is quite furious, Fast and Furious. There are a lot of changes going out every week into the product. I think you know, we're really focused on make tangible updates to the to the product every week so that users feel like they're getting, you know, it's just working better, and they're getting more value every week. And so the two areas that we're we're very focused on right now are performance of the product. So we, we've been working on a performance roadmap. We're wrapping it up, but essentially, we've been able to increase the performance of the network by almost 3x over the last couple months, and we're working on doing that while also making the network more available in more or more types of networks, so making it so that the network you can basically use it in more more areas and more regions. And so we're really excited about that. We're continuing to wrap up more performance items. But you know, every every week, the networks getting faster and better, and we're also working on adding a bunch of stats, so some of the some of the changes that users have seen and are going out as we've added a leaderboard. We've added statistics about where the providers are. We've added a points campaign, where you can see you can earn points for participating and referrals, which which will convert to the token when the token launches. What we're going to do a we're going to convert the points to token with an airdrop, a substantial AirDrop. We've also added a bunch of new statistics APIs, as well as statistics in our SDK, and so we're working on basically exposing those statistics to the user, but but the the products getting a lot more data and real time visibility into the network, and so we're continuing to kind of wrap up our performance and statistics roadmap over the next one, one to two months, and we're looking at a token launch towards the end of the year. And so those are just a few things that you could you can see us working on. Is performance and statistics. You know, you should be seeing some pretty, pretty awesome new features that are launched in the next in the next month. You

okay, great questions. Thanks for

Speaker 1  39:25  
the clarification. So I think it's time for us to take some question from the community. Once again, I think one of my team members sent me a DM. Do not say you should take a picture this time.

Brien Colwell  39:41  
Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna work on this. Thank you.

Okay, yeah, happy to take questions. You.

Unknown Speaker  40:05  
Give me a second. Let me See you.

Brien Colwell  41:03  
I was, are we still here?

Unknown Speaker  41:05  
Yeah, I was busy eating my breakfast. My bad.

Brien Colwell  41:08  
Yeah, no worries, no worries. Yeah, happy to take questions.

Speaker 1  41:18  
So I'm open, so think it's time for us to take some question. So let's start with T I know you might and then go ahead the next way.

Speaker 2  41:33  
Hey, can you me? All right? Um, great presentation so far. Um, so I just have um, a very quick question to ask, which I'm also um curious about. So my question here is, every project presents its project strength, but I admire people who know their weaknesses more. So my question here is, what do you think is the current project weaknesses are, and how do you guys plan to date? It all

Brien Colwell  42:08  
such a great question, and I really appreciate the question. So there is a challenge. What I would say is our biggest challenge right now. So we're focused on high quality, available VPN. So like I mentioned, the VPN should work like you're a normal person in that region, so as if you were in an Airbnb or a friend's house in that region, you know, like, when was the last time the Internet didn't work? You know, from a friend's house or from an Airbnb, right? So that's the experience we're trying to give is that quality of being just super local with the VPN, and we're trying to do it in a way that works everywhere in the world. There's a third thing that people want a lot. So they want availability quality, but also speed and performance. And doing all three is very, very challenging. It's really hard to give availability and quality and also give like top, top tier performance. And the reason is basically the infrastructure that's optimized for quality and availability is not optimized for performance. So very simply, the fastest possible VPN is just running a VPN server on, like, in a in a data center somewhere where you have, like, a really fast now we're connection. So this could be like with a with a cloud partner, or a CDN, or your own data center. Like the fastest possible VPN is, like, we just run a VPN server in a data center, but if you kind of look at like that VPN that that's like the worst possible quality and availability of a VPN. So that's the easiest VPN to block and filter that's the easiest VPN to that. You know, basically a lot of websites could detect traffic coming coming from that type of VPN and and block or filter traffic. So, so giving you. Is all three of quality, availability and speed is quite challenging, and we have biased as a project to this date on quality and availability. Maybe that's actually unique to us, like we. We intentionally said speed is third. Speed is not most important we we think that quality and availability are most important and and I think most users agree. However, a lot of users also kind of want to get that raw speed number right. They just want to see, like a big speed test on the VPN, and that's something that we are working on right now. So we actually just have a beta out that that starts to bifurcate traffic, so that we have quality use cases as well as speed use cases, and we can actually route the data differently depending on the use case, but, but, yeah, speed is it? Speed is a very big challenge for the type of network we're building, because fundamentally, the infrastructure that's the best for quality and availability is not the best for speed and so, yeah, it's, I think it's a great question, and it's a really, really good question. We're trying to give users all three, but, um, but, you know, I think, I think it's, it's hard, you know, it's hard accepting that you're not the best in one area as necessary to best in the other areas. And that's something that we're working through. And, you know, honestly, like conceptually, it feels like we should be the best in all three areas, but, um, but it's very hard to achieve that. And so we're still deep in the struggle and the and trying to figure out how we can do that. But yeah, that's a it's a great question, and I really appreciate that question.

Speaker 1  47:10  
Yeah, thanks, good. Thanks for the question. Thanks for the opportunity. Awesome. Thanks. So a question came in from Akira San. He was saying, how do you plan to differentiate the URL from competitors and emergences of, you know, secure internet space?

Brien Colwell  47:33  
Yeah, yeah, that's another challenge. How do we differentiate our value so well? We've been very intentional about building a brand and building a high quality product. We think that's sort of the foundation for growth in this space. I think from what we know of the VPN space is most growth comes organically, and organic growth is basically cumulative, right? So it's sort of building, building your users month over month, and getting momentum, and so we've been really intentional about building a brand and a product that people like. The way we think about our product is we, we think about making the network super simple for users, something you see, like, generally, with what we're trying to do is we're trying to make the network just like, really, really easy to use and participate in, and so we're trying to put a lot of intelligence under the hood of our products, so that we make a lot of decisions that are that are good for the user automatically. So like, for example, other VPNs might have, like a bun stuff that you can tweak to choose different, different, like parameters of the connection. We try to automate all that stuff. So under the hood of our VPN is we're constantly making a bunch of decisions about how to route the data the transports, but we're doing that all that sort of automatically. That's a direction we're trying to take with our product. Generally, as we look into Wi Fi and SIM cards and various things, is how can we just make connectivity sort of. Just work automatically, without the user having to, like, think so much about everything. And so that's the direction we want to keep pushing. We want to keep pushing on the simplicity direction we think VPN is something everyone should have and should be able to use. We're also looking at how we can offer like a really great ad blocker as part of the product. We think statistics is also, like, really interesting, so giving people like a best in class ad blocker as well as like, a bunch of like, really useful and interesting statistics about their network. That's what we're trying to give users as well. And that's, that's, those are areas that we're working on right now. And we also feel like the aspect where you can participate in the network and and earn as part of participating in the network that's really helpful for organic growth, because basically, you know, people trust the network where they were sort of like owners of the network. And so we think that the model where, you know, people are actively participating in a product that they can use and their friends can use, is going to lead to, you know, more organic growth. But, but, yeah, I think the challenge of the VPN space is it's a long game. It's a game about long term organic growth by building a core, high quality product. And so that's really the that's really the core of the distribution that we're chasing, is we're focused on just building a very high quality core product that's simple to use, that works better than other products, and then just really focusing on growing it from the community, whether it's from referrals or, you know, making sure people feel a sense of ownership with the community because they're participating. That's what we're focused on. And you know, if you look at the largest VPNs today, a lot of them are over, like, 15 years old, and so this is a long journey we're on to sort of reinvent space. But we feel like, like we're seeing like very healthy exponential growth this year with our user base, and we feel like just continuing the trend of a product that users get value from and can recommend that that's that really good direction for us to continue to work on? Yeah, great question. Distribution is a key challenge to this space.

Speaker 1  53:02  
Particular clarification. So I think this, that will be the last question I'll be taking I see some other hand so I can ask them, because we are running out of time. So, um, before we wrap things up from here, is there anything you want to add another closing statement before we you know?

Brien Colwell  53:22  
Um, no, I just thank everyone for their time and for the opportunity to connect today. And I would encourage everyone to download the app, and, you know, check it out, and you know, let us know your feedback. We value everyone's feedback. We are also our community is mostly in discord, so you can go find us at discord.gg/your. Network. It's on our x profile as well, which is yo, underscore, you are underscore network. We're mostly active on Discord and x, so yeah, we're just, I just thank you everyone for the opportunity and for your time today. And yeah, really looking forward if anyone uses the network. Just would love to hear your thoughts and feedback and how we can make it better. So thank you.

Speaker 1  54:24  
Thanks so much. It's really a pleasure. Thanks for tuning in, and it's really an honor to have you here. And as usual, do not forget to always do your own diligency and check out the media. And also, as usual, there's always a prize pool, a USC prize pool, so that's information will be dropped out later, and the winners will be posted. Do also have a great day and join your handles. Take care and have a great day. Brien,

Brien Colwell  54:57  
thank you so much. Thank you so. For hosting me and and putting on this great, great event. Look forward to doing more in the future. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  55:09  
Thanks, man. Have a good one. You too.

