Intro Message Loop  0:00  
It to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project, follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance, live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto Clash binance, live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance, live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash, finance live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live AMA, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project, follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto Clash binance Live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash, finance live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live AMA, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we. Explore another innovative project, follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance, live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash. Binance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto Clash binance Live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash, finance live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live AMA, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto Clash binance Live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project, follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash finance live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash. Binance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash finance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash, finance live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live AMA, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto Clash binance Live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project, follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash, finance live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. You.

Welcome to crypto clash, binance live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto Clash binance Live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash, finance live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live AMA, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project, follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto clash finance live. Ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance, live. Ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders the crypto clash finance live, ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash. Binance, live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we explore another innovative project. Follow us on all our socials and be a part of the conversation. This is your moment to learn, ask questions and interact with crypto leaders. The Crypto Clash binance Live ama is starting soon, so stay tuned. Welcome to crypto clash, binance live, ama, prepare for an insightful session with our special guest as we

Crypto Clash  13:26  
Hello everyone and welcome to this crypto clash ama session here on binance Live. I'm excited to have you all here as we dive into an important conversation about privacy, censorship, existence and the future of decentralized internet access. Today, we are spotlighting your network, also known as bring your a peer to peer, privacy focused protocol designed to re magazine how we connect to the internet, so your network empowers is to securely share bandwidth, route around censorship and to remain anonymity, all while staying in full control of their data. So unlike the traditional VPNs that rely on centralized infrastructure and APAC policies, your network uses web, RTC, smart contracts and open Internet standard to create a secure, encrypted and user governance system, whether it's accessing restricted content, hosting your own relay node or simply browsing privately your network gives user practical tools to take ownership of their online presence. Now, to tell us more about this project and answer community question, we have Brian Colwell, the founder and speaker for our today's ama Brian, welcome to crypto clash, and before we dive into the deeper aspect of the project, could you please introduce yourself and share a video about your role in building your network?

Brien Colwell  14:50  
Yeah, hi, thanks. Thanks for having me. Hi everyone. My name is Brian Colwell. I'm the founder of your network. We started a. Your network in 2023 to build the best VPN in the world. So we started from a frustration about the current state of VPNs. We felt like there the transparency of the VPN world could be improved. We felt like we could build something that worked really good for everyone, and build it in a more transparent way, and also offer it at a much more affordable price point than what was being offered out there by using the techniques from the crypto world of decentralization. And so we started our journey two years ago. We've been putting a ton of research into the network and how the network works. So we've rethought the the network from the ground up, really, and questioned every assumption that that's been out there. And so some of the assumptions we've questioned are having multiple IP addresses, so on your network, something that's really unique to us is you have many IP addresses at once on the network. This is great from the perspective of giving you privacy and anonymity, because your traffic is distributed very widely across the network, it's really hard to trace anyone on the network. And also, what's really great about having many IP addresses is the network becomes very reliable. And so, because we are a decentralized peer to peer network, where it's not just one server, your data is actually being sent to many different providers all around the world or in whatever region you select, our protocol is spreading your traffic and making it redundant, so that if any any one provider has an issue, you're still able to get a stable connection and a fast connection, and it's able to adapt to a dynamic network. So,

so, so we've been really

rethinking a lot of how VPNs work. We're we've built up using web standards. So we were very fortunate to have some really great team members. So part of our team is deep cryptography experts who are also part of the web standards committees, and we've been aligned with using web standards such as TLS in all of our encryption, and we've been exploring ways to not only address privacy and security, but also this concept of availability, which is the ability of anyone anywhere to use the network in whatever condition they're they're in. And so as a network. We're not just focused on the high end use cases so people connecting from like US or Europe, we're very focused on people connecting from anywhere in the world. And the reason this is really important is our mission is to give people the best internet wherever they are. And so whether it's you're in the US or in Europe, or whether you're in another country, our mission is that you just install our app and you get the best internet connection possible in that area. Meaning it's going to be private, secure, anonymous, it's going to work. It's going to give you access to all the sites you want to access and and the internet's just going to work for you the way you want it to work. And so, so this is a really incredible journey we're on. We We believe what we're building is special. We are trying to build a network with millions of nodes. We're trying to be historically decentralized in the VPN space. I think if you look at sort of where the best consumer VPNs are today, they're at 1000s of nodes. What we're trying to get to is millions of nodes. The way that that we're doing that is basically, we've made participating the network super easy. Anyone who has the app can also participate in the network directly from the app. You don't need to have a server or any special equipment to participate. Really, you can participate and earn just by by using the app. If you do have dedicated hardware, like a router or a computer or Raspberry Pi, you can also run the software on that existing hardware. You don't have to go buy. New hardware. So, you know, we really believe in reusing the hardware that's out there. But when we started the project, we, you know, we looked at what is the most common hardware out there in the world, and truly smartphones. There's, you know, billions of smartphones in the world, and so we've, we've focused as a project on on running first class and really native on Android and iOS smartphones, and just being able to run in the background all the time on the smartphone and earn people money. And so if you have your phone or or an old phone, you can turn those old phones to tap into your bandwidth and actually earn you rewards. So I'm really excited here to kind of go through what we're doing and yeah, over to you. Yes,

Crypto Clash  20:51  
we will ask all those details in the project Introduction segment. Thank you, Brien, thank you for the introduction. Great to have you here with us today. So here is how the next 60 minutes will look like. So this session is split into two main segments. First, we will begin with a structured project introduction section, where I will asking Brien 10 key questions to help us understand what your network is building and how it works and why it matters. And then in the second half, we will open the floor for a community, Q, A, where we will take a five cushion directly from our community. So let's get started. Brien, so here's the first question. So let's start with the core idea. So what's your network and what specific problem are you trying to solve with Brien.

Brien Colwell  21:44  
Great, yeah. So the specific problem we're trying to solve is giving people the best VPN in the world, and so what that means to us is it's absolutely private, absolutely secure and absolutely available. And so what we're focused on is being transparent. So if you look at how we run the company, we're entirely open source. We're unique in VPNs, and that not only is our client open source, but our servers open source as well. We've adopted a reproducible supply chain approach where you can actually see all of the code that's going into production from our build, so you can actually trace all the changes that are going into production, and we can have this level of transparency and also deliver the best possible service, because what we're doing is fundamentally building a new type of network. So we're building a network with millions of decentralized nodes that are safely participating in the protocol and and this is letting us deliver a VPN that is private, secure and available that does beyond what other commercial VPNs can can deliver today.

So So in summary, we're building the best VPN, and we're giving it to people in a new way, which is basically a freemium model that that rewards people for participating, helping us to build this very novel, new, distributed data center for privacy, availability and security.

Crypto Clash  23:40  
Got it. Got it. So, yeah, thanks, Brien. I think what sets the tune really well, and what sounds out to me is the level of transparency you are committing to, and from open source client and server to reproducible build and addressable code in production. That's a strong foundation, especially in a space where Trust is everything, yeah, that's correct. Yeah. You also mentioned something crucial, that this isn't just a VPN service. Is the beginning of a new type of network powered by million of decentralized nodes,

yeah? So that's right.

This brings me to the next question. So can you walk us through how bring your bring your works from a technical standpoint, especially the role of extenders, peer to peer routing and the end to end encryptions, we'd love to get a clearer picture of how all this fit together under the hood,

Brien Colwell  24:41  
yep, yep. So.

So when we started the project, we knew we needed to question every assumption that had gone into VPN so far, because we wanted to build the next network, the next. Have a VPN, and we wanted to make sure that, you know, we kind of weren't stuck in the old way of thinking. And so fundamentally, some of the assumptions we've questioned is the client server model itself. So in a traditional VPN, there's a you have a your phone or your computer connects to one server, and the data is being sent basically to a server. It might be sent over multiple hops, but fundamentally, it's sort of a one to one model

that is a

architecture that we've fundamentally upended in your network. Your network is a many, many server model. It has. Your data is sent at once in parallel, to many different servers. What we've done is essentially structured your network technically as a marketplace for for bandwidth, and so you can think of it like, every time your phone or computer makes a connection to the network, it's running an auction that is matching your your device with a provider that can service that that that connection. And so what we've done is build a protocol using web standards and TLS, so using, you know industry best encryption and modern encryption, to allow for every connection, the client to choose one of many providers that are able to service the connection. And so what that means for the client is we're able to give the client the strictly the best performing connection for every single server is trying to access. And so if you kind of look under the hood of just an example, like opening a website, so you visit a website, and your your browser makes connections to many different servers. There's API servers, there's content delivery servers, and each of those connections on your network is running our auction protocol that's basically matching that connection with a provider that can actually give you a fast and efficient connection. And so what's, what's great about this auction process is, not only does it sort of circumvent, you know, issues where a connection is being blocked, because, you know, by definition, if, if a provider is not able to service that connection. You know, you would actually connect to a different provider that is able to service that connection. So this option model kind of naturally works around internet blocking, because it connects you with servers that are able to actually make the connection, but it also optimizes for the providers that are able to service that particular connection the fastest. And so what's really cool about our auction model is that you you end up getting connections that work reliably and that are also the fastest consistently for every single site you visit. And so that's sort of at the core of our architecture. This is basically this marketplace model. And what we focused on is making this really efficient and performant, so that, you know, basically under the hood, in our in our VPN, we're running these auctions just all the time. I mean, there's 1000s, you know, millions of auctions happening per day on your phone, under the hood, and these are all happening in a very efficient way that is giving you the best performance. It's basically giving your device complete control over where it's sending its data and complete decision making, but the protocol is assisting in finding the providers that that can, that can service your data, and so so that technically, that's sort of one of our big innovations of the network is like, instead of thinking about a client server model, where we think about our network as an auction place for for bandwidth, and so anyone can plug into this market and provide and can naturally, kind of be selected based on performance. So if you plug in and you're able to actually service those connections efficiently, you're going to get bandwidth and you're going to get rewards as part of the network. And so the other, you know, big architectural piece we focused on is safety. So, you know, I'm a big tour user. I love Tor, but, you know, we really looked at a lot of the issues people have participating in Tor, and we, you know, early on, you know, we knew that we needed to fundamentally address a different. Type of safety model on our network. And so we looked at a lot of the work that's happening in personal firewalls and personal safety companies like ubiquity or basically selling devices that anyone can plug in in their home, and it runs a very advanced set of security rules to shut down bad behavior. So from day one in the company, what we focused on is actually bringing automated security into every single node on the network. So whether you're a user or a provider on the network, we focused on embedding that automated security to basically shut down bad behavior on the network. Because unfortunately, what what bad behavior means is that not only it makes it hard for people to participate in the network. So if there's bad behavior happening, while it might be, you know, good for users is actually really bad for providers. And so what, what we've always focused on in our network is having a symmetric network where it's safe to participate but it's also safe to to provide. So both as a user and a provider to make it safe. And so our automated security rules are really key for that, we shut down a lot of bad behavior that would, for example, cause issues for people. You know, a lot of the restricted protocols are disabled on the network. So, you know, there's really no like hacking or botnets happening on the network. File sharing is restricted on the network. And so, you know, these are behaviors that are not fundamentally symmetric. So like, they might be good for users, but they're really bad for providers. And so we've, we've really focused on creating a default baseline that is good for both users and providers. And so that, that default safety, that default baseline is something that we really care about, that can only be solved with intelligence, sort of security, intelligence in every single client. And so, you know, part of our focus as a project is really evolving that, you know, building the best possible automated security and putting that in every single client. I think the third piece that you know we really were focused on when we started this project is the idea of encryption, generally in a peer to peer system. So whenever you're sending data through a third party, whether it's a trusted server, such as, you know, like a trusted VPN server, or an untrusted peer, like, like in your network, like a provider can just be anyone you know, end to end. Encryption is super important, and so, you know, we're at sort of an interesting era in the Internet where we have encryption standards and dead encryption standards for for many of of our key protocols, but they're not strictly enforced. And so, for example, there's a lot of data that leaks out in the older systems, like the Domain Name Service system, the DNS system, leaks a lot of information, unless it's end to end encrypted. The actual web encryption technology, TLS, is still leaking a little bit of information. What's called the server name is still leaking and every single TLS connection. And so as a project, what we're really focused on is turning off the old internet and and upgrading people seamlessly to the new end and encryption standards. And so what we've really focused on is, you know, disabling and sort of turning off unencrypted standards and upgrading people to the modern encryption and encrypted standards. And so by using your network, for example, like we're forcing people to use encrypted DNS so that their DNS traffic is, is is hidden from from the providers, we're also, you know, very interested in doing things like, you know, forcing encrypted client. Hello, while that's technically not possible, you know, we are looking at ways that we can continue to upgrade the internet connection itself, so that every single connection on your network is using the most modern end to end encryption standard, and so that's also, you know, really core to our to our project, is just making sure that we're accelerating people into the modern set of protocols and just turning off the old protocols, the old unencrypted, insecure protocols, like on on your network, have. Basically been mostly disabled. So, so those are kind of the, you know, the three big things that we're focused on, which is, you know, the the protocol marketplace, which is a new take on the client, server model, the automated security to establish a default, safe baseline for people to participate and you use the network, and also, you know, turning off the old, unsafe, unencrypted Internet, and really forcing people into the modern, modern standards of internet protocols.

Crypto Clash  35:31  
That's really interesting. I appreciate how we went back to drawing board and reevaluating the basic assumption of how VPNs work. And what stick out is the idea of shifting from one to one client server model to many to many marketplace model, where every connection is essentially an option for bandwidth. That's a clever way to add up to the real world condition, especially when it comes to performance and censorship resistance. Yeah, and also, you were using web standard web standard technologies, and real time provider matching adds a layer of flexibility and reliability that traditional VPN scans can't match.

Brien Colwell  36:13  
So with That's right.

Crypto Clash  36:17  
So with this new architecture in place, let's shift gear a little bit. So can you walk us through the role of crypto in your network, and how do payments, incentives and the token model support the functioning of a decentralized bandwidth marketplace?

Brien Colwell  36:32  
Yeah, yeah. So, um, so we started out as a, as a, as a product company, so core to our company is building a useful product for consumers and and businesses, and having a real revenue model. And so, you know, very succinctly, our model is selling bandwidth. So what you'll see from the business side of the company, and you know what we're doing is we're making it easy for consumers to use our network, so the network that we're all building as part of this big project. So we're making it easy for consumers to to have access to private, secure, available internet. And we have a freemium model, where it's free, it's a very generous free plan, and then you can become a supporter for for a small monthly fee, and get, you know what we hope will be like, very large value for a very, you know, reasonable amount of money. And so, you know, we're, we're, we're continually trying to tune what that value is, but we think we're on a really good path to give people like a huge amount of value when they become supporters. And we're also focused on giving businesses and developers access to the network as well. And so through an SDK, the ability for any product to embed the network in their product, and give their users private, secure, available internet. And so this is actually a model that's kind of really interesting that's been going on in the VPN space, maybe in the last four years, which is, you see a lot of products that are launching today or adding today VPNs that are essentially embedded in the products. And so if you look at most browsers, that most browsers have an integrated VPN option, where they've created sort of a, you know, an integrated experience around the VPN. A lot of the AI tools that are coming out have an integrated VPN option because being able to access content and being able to sort of, you know, stay up to date with the latest content in whatever region is like, super important to these AI tools, which are sort of ingesting and and making, like, a lot of decisions based on on real time content and so, so, so Our business is to basically assuming we have a the best, most distributed network for privacy, of availability to security, is to basically sell capacity to that network. And so the question is, how do we align the the business, which is generating, you know, revenue with the incentive to to grow this large decentralized network. And so that is where we see the token as this key piece in the business. Which is what we see is the token is powering the data center the, you know, like, traditionally, if, like, say, we were traditional VPN company, we would go out and we'd spin up a bunch of data centers around the world. Like, maybe we'd have like, 1000 pops, and each of those pops we'd have an ISP relationship, where we would have like, monthly commitment. It's to pay, you know, monthly fees and every one of our pops. So, so our model as a business, even though we're selling bandwidth, we're not actually engaging with every single pop. And, you know, with a with a contract, instead of what we're doing is we're building a massively decentralized data center which is optimized for delivering this network and doing is, we're putting, you know, the same money we would be spending on data centers. We're putting that into the into the into the decentralized data center, and so, so the token is, is the mechanism that's basically aligning, you know, the real revenue coming in to to the business, with all of the providers of of the capacity, all all of the Pops. And so what's really great about the token is that it serves a real utility. Is it's not only an incentive for people to plug in, and it creates a real fungibility where you know, anyone can basically plug in and and earn without, you know, any contracts, without any relationship. It's just completely, you know, as you go like you can just hop on today and start earning, and so that the token just unlocks. Is like really amazing fungibility, where, you know, it's just so easy to participate, and it's so easy to just get going on the network. But it also, what we've done is we've we've identified a few key areas where we also feel like a token could also make the network more efficient and better. And so some of the areas what we're looking at with our token. And so sort of before I kind of go into the token, I just want to set the stage that we have not launched a token yet. We are in the pre launch stage. We're currently running a points campaign, meaning people who participate today will earn USDC, I'm sorry, they'll be earning USDC today, and they'll additionally be earning points. And what's going to happen is, at some point in the future, when we launch our token, which we haven't set a date yet, what's going to happen is those points that you're earning today will convert to a substantial airdrop of token on day one of when the tokens available. And so by participating today is you're actually earning USDC today, which is a basically, you know, the same amount of money we'd be paying to set up pops, we're just paying to

to the to the to the to the network,

but you're also earning points. And so where we're going is when the token is live. Um, those points are going to convert to token, a substantial amount of token. I'm sorry, just give me a

sec. Excuse me, so those points are going to convert to a substantial amount of token on day one, and then going forward, after token launch, the earnings on the network are going to be based on token and so what's really great about the token incentive is that we believe the token will actually, you know, reward providers more today, because, essentially, kind of, what happens with tokens is, because there's a fixed supply and because it's, you know, what we're doing is we're pursuing, you know, a real business pegged to a real opportunity here, which is, you know, we're, we are selling private, secure, available internet. We believe the demand for private, secure, available internet is only growing over time. I think if you look at the, you know, if you look at the, basically, the amount of data on the internet, the growth of data over the last 30 years on the internet, I mean, we're, we're basically following this extreme exponential curve where the amount of data on the internet is doubling, you know, at a regular interval. And so what, what we believe is a percentage of that and even a growing percentage of that traffic is needs to be private, extra, extremely private, secure and available. That's what the users want. That's what people want. And so we're servicing that market. So we think we're basically servicing a growing market that is going to be here for the next 100 years. This is a large market that is, you know, going to continue to grow exponentially over the next 100 years. And so if you kind of look at the token, what's happening is, because it's a fixed supply model. You know, basically the people who who participate today are sort of tapping into, you know, the future value, right of all of the value created by this network. So, you know, basically we're following an inverse curve where most token will be distributed, you know, in the early years. Yes. And so by tapping into, you know, participating early in the project, you will actually own, you know, a larger percentage of of the token. And we think that's going to be like, really good for early providers. And so, because of the long term outlook of like, we think this is a long term, you know, growing sustainable, you know, revenue business, and, you know, revenue generating projects and so, so, so, so the area that besides incentive, where we've really focused on token, is two areas. So we think that token can also help with capacity planning, and we think that tokens can also help with reliability. So, but, so both of these areas are, like, really important for networks. So you can think of a network where, like, the most simple way to grow a network is you, like, set up a pop every 100 square kilometers, you know. So you basically just, like, take the earth and, like, put a pop every, you know, 100 square kilometers. And this would be like, really inefficient, though, because, like, most of those pops wouldn't be used. They would be like, idle pops, and you just be like, wasting a lot of money keeping those pops active. And so we think that token can actually help the network be much more efficient. So the token can actually indicate where people want capacity, and the token can incentivize capacity to show up where people actually want the capacity to show up. Sorry, I'm going to step out and get some water after this question. But so the so we were actually as part of our token plan is, you know, we're actually looking at capacity as as kind of a key part of our token as well. And we're and we're also looking at reliability. And so another key challenge of a network is reliability. So networks have to operate at really extreme reliability. Because, you know, basically, you know, it needs to be available in real time whenever you want to use it. So networks, you know, the networks that we're building are real time networks. We are not building like asynchronous scraping networks. What we're focused on is delivering, you know, you want to send data now. We're servicing that data now, and it's fast, it's efficient, you know, you can use it anytime at, you know, 24/7 and so that level of reliability is, you know, in the industry, is simply called Four nines. So it's a, you know, it's a very strict level of of reliability, which means that in a single year you have had, I don't want to misquote, but I think you have less than, you know, 12 hours of downtime in a single year. That's, that's what, like, the standard of reliability would be called as four nine reliability, meaning, like 99.99% over the year. And so achieving that type of reliability is like, not It's not accidental. It's actually, you know, that is has to be an explicit mission of of the network. And so we think the token can actually really help incentivize reliability by letting people who are really good at running servers and running nodes, such as like, you know, if you put the, if you put our provider on a Raspberry Pi, and just leave that Raspberry Pi running. You know, surprisingly, that's like a really reliable system. And so, you know, the level that you know, consumer hardware has gotten to is actually incredibly reliable, like we think that a Raspberry Pi, you know, four nines availability, but, but it's everything around that, you know, like, you know, do you leave it plugged in, you know? Do you, you know, do you if there's an issue, do you? Do you take care of the issue, you know? Like, are you actually monitoring the alerts and everything and so, so people who, like, can can build things reliably, we think should be rewarded. And so what we're doing with our token is actually doing a very special call out where we are, letting people essentially get rewarded for being reliable with the token. And so you can think of like our token, our our sort of yield mechanic is the ability to, if you identify where, where traffic will be, you should be able to yield, because that's actually, like, really helpful. It's like a prediction market to the network, like, if you can incentivize and identify new capacity, you can earn on the network, and also, if you can add reliability to the to the network, you can actually earn extra rewards on the network. So really, that's what we're looking at with our token, is we're looking at incentive just for providing bandwidth. We're looking at capacity staking, and we're looking at reliability staking. We're also looking at a few bonuses around basically, if you're in a country that doesn't have a lot of providers, you're. Going to be able to just earn, just by having a Node running even if nobody's using the node. So I think that's a really cool opportunity. Is there's over 250 countries in the world, and every country on our network is like an untapped earning potential. You just have to literally plug in a node and you earn even if nobody's using it. So I think that's really, really cool with our network, is, you know, basically, you know, just by being in a country, you can earn so, so that's what we're looking at with our token. So just to summarize, we're doing a points campaign today. It will convert to an airdrop, and the token, when the token launches and is liquid, we're, we're actively developing the the launch of the token at the moment, and and it will be on Solana. So our token will be native to Solana. And you know, what we anticipate is, you know, everything we're doing is going to be integrated into the salon ecosystem.

Crypto Clash  51:00  
Got it. Got it. So I like how you you have anchored the model in actual product uses, not just talking speculations. So we are looking at real business selling bandwidth with a premium structure for consumer and SDK integration for developers and businesses, which opens up a lot of utility. And what stands out to me is how you are replacing the traditional data centers with a decentralized pool of a bandwidth provider, and that the token becomes the bridge aligning incentives between the network participants and actual revenue. And that model not only decentralized the infrastructure, but also Democrats who can earn from it. Okay, let's say, Okay, let's ask a quick question before we move to the like Q and A. Please answer it quickly. So how does someone participate as a bandwidth provider in your network, and what is the basic requirement, and how do you ensure quality, security and uptime across decentralized layers?

Brien Colwell  52:01  
Yeah, so it's really easy to participate. What we've done is we've, you know, as part of our goal of running first class on phones is anyone with a phone can participate in the network, so you just download the app. There's really when you download the app, when you connect to the network, if you're on a Wi Fi and unmetered Wi Fi, or unmetered internet connection, you actually become a node in the network as well. So just like just downloading the app, connecting on a Wi Fi, you start earning if you want to earn more, there's some options in the app where you can actually keep the provider running all the time in the background. It's really cool what we've done, because we've integrated with the network of the phone. We can actually run all the time in the background of an Android or iOS phone, and so you just check this option called provide while disconnected, and we'll run all the time in the background, so that that makes it really easy just to turn your phone into a, you know, earning potential. You just, just keep it running. It doesn't affect, you know, your usage of your phone or anything. It's just, you know, just keeps our provider in the background of the phone. There's also the option to basically install our provider binary on on dedicated hardware. And so we have people running the provider on Raspberry Pi. So it's very popular. It's basically a $40.40 US dollar mini computer that you can it runs the provider beautifully. So you just like, put the binary on the on the Raspberry Pi and plug it in, and it in, and it just sits in a corner and earns you money. Then we have people using it on PCs. So if you currently we have a Mac OS app that's actually a Native Client. I'm actually using it right now to access binance. But we also have binaries that for Windows and Linux that are that are that are providers. So you can just run these on on your desktop in the background, and they'll earn you money. And or you can, you know, any computer or router, you can just put the you can put the binary on the computer router. And so those are the really basic ways that anyone can participate. Like I said, that there's no there's no hardware requirements. There's no requirements about specs or anything. You don't have to go buy new hardware at all to participate, just you can use what you have, whether whether it's a phone or, you know, a random device you have, like a router or a Raspberry Pi or a computer, and you can participate. So what we're focused on is reusing the hardware you have. We don't want people to go and, like, buy special hardware for the project and and what we're trying to do is basically just, you know, build a, you know, very safe, efficient,

you know, provider that people can.

Crypto Clash  55:00  
That's a pretty seamless experience. I like how just downloading the app and being on an unmatched Wi Fi connection is enough to start contributing to the network and provide while in background. Option. Sounds like a smart way to maximize participation, especially for users who want to keep things running in the background without much hassle. So yeah, so I definitely had a few more questions lined up, but there is much of depth to this project, but now we are keeping an eye to the clock, and the time is moving fast, so let's switch gears and now bring the committee Awesome.

Okay, let's unmute our first participant today.

Yeah. So our first participant today is Martin. Hello, Martin, can you hear

Speaker 1  55:53  
me? Yes, yes, can you guys hear me? Yeah,

Crypto Clash  55:55  
I can hear too. Okay, perfect, perfect. So, uh, hello,

Speaker 1  56:01  
Brien, yeah, my question is, as regards,

Speaker 1  56:06  
how do I put it? How do I put it? Okay, let me put it this way. You know, it's a VPN, which means it's anonymous, correct, right now, how do you, how do you check to make sure that people do not cheat the system? Because, you know, ah, there will always be bad eggs everywhere. Some people might want to use that advantage, you know, to maybe defraud other people. So during the registration process, is there any sort of something you can use to hold anyone accountable? Should there be any breach of confidential information?

Brien Colwell  56:37  
Yeah. So right now, we don't have any logging. We don't have any any record of the user in our system. That's very intentional. We basically aren't able to trace activity back to an account if there's an issue at the moment, we have developed, as you know, an ethical, encrypted way to do audit logging. I think you know, in our open source repo, you can see that there's like a framework for this that we've developed where we can essentially log data in a way that would allow serious issues to be traced without anyone being able to access all of the logs. Essentially, it would be a very fine tuned logging because we'd be encrypting the data with something called the client random, which is a very special part of TLS encryption that is unique to every single TLS connection. And so we have worked out a way that would let us audit, have an audit log of traffic that's encrypted per connection, in case there was anything. But you know what we've decided at the moment is to focus more on the automated security of the network, so shutting down bad behavior with our automated security rules, rather than auditing the network and reactively responding. And so I think in the near term, what you'll see from us is like, we are not trying to pursue any type of, like, you know, encrypted auditing or anything on the network. Instead, what we're investing in is just the proactive shutting down bad behavior at the source and so, yeah, that's currently our focus.

Speaker 1  58:39  
Okay, okay, that's that sounds good, because, you know, there'll always be bad eggs in every situation, so you have to be prepared. Should there be, you know, anyone that tries to take advantage of the system? Well, aside that, what other technical updates are you working on? Can you quickly tell us about that?

Brien Colwell  58:54  
Yeah, of course. So we're in the middle of two big updates. So from the network itself, actually, there's a preview of this that we just launched today, but we've been working on big performance and availability updates. Essentially, what we're trying to do is increase the speed of the network at least by a factor of two through various protocol and code optimizations, and so we're really deep in getting this live right now. Super exciting about the performance optimizations. We think that a decentralized VPN like what we're building can be and will be the best VPN. It will be the fastest and and work the best. And so, like, we're really committed to just proving, proving that point like that, that this is like these VPNs can perform at the highest level. We're also focused on availability, so we're actually launching a new Pro. Call, in the in the in the app, I'm really excited. It's going to give people access to to use the internet anonymously and more more situations. And so we'll be announcing that as as we, as we get that launched, it's and then we're also working on a ton of product updates. And so something we've, we've identified from our users is they want more stats about like, what's happening on the network, what's happening with their providers. And so we're working on, basically, you know, adding a bunch of new stats into the into the product. You can see, actually, in our preview, we launched a leaderboard, which is really exciting, but we'll be launching stats about your current connections, stats about your providers, and then we've also gotten a ton of feedback around DNS and ad blocking, and that's an area that we're going to be looking at as well into adding to the product near term, is how can we integrate sort of the best ad blocking and DNS techniques into the app, and so those are, those are kind of the near term things that people should be looking forward to.

Speaker 1  1:01:15  
Okay, that's that's fine. That's fine. Thank you. Over to the host,

Crypto Clash  1:01:19  
okay, before I move to the Our next questions. So I would like to invite everyone to join your network committee on Discord and follow them on X to stay updated with all the latest news and development. You can find all the links easily in crypto cash announcement post for this AMA, and don't miss out any updates or chances to engage directly with the team and the fellow community members. Now moving to our next participant, spice and can you hear me? Yes, I can hear you. Can you hear me back? Yes? So yes, I was listening to the whole AMA, and I must say, you guys are doing a great job. So my question is for those listening in today who want to support or invest, what are the best ways to get involved right now as a user, node, provider or partner? Yeah,

Brien Colwell  1:02:06  
yeah. So we're, we're doing things a little different than most tokens, like we're not pre selling the token. That's intentional for us, because we're, we're trying to just build a utility token. So the best way to get early access to the token is to actually just participate and earn points. The AirDrop that's happening is going to be, like, quite substantial. And so the people who have points will be getting a like, like, really substantial part of the initial token allocation, and so by participating today, that's a great way to to get, get the token. We're focused on a fair launch. So you know, we're not trying to give anyone like preferred access to the token, which is why we've kind of been focused on this, this AirDrop approach, and in terms of supporting the product, I, you know, I think using the product, and if you find value, joining the supporter tier is, like, really, really useful for us, because, like, Obviously, like, we're watching our revenue, and we're, you know, revenue is important to us as a business. And so by, you know, giving us, you know, a monthly subscription that's like, that's like, really, really helpful for us. And so, yeah, so those are the two ways I think, you know, to earn token is earning points is like, the best way. And you can actually earn points by referring people as well to the network. And so we track referral codes, and if you refer people, you earn a portion of their earnings, like perpetually. So that's like a really great way to, you know, to also get get more points. Okay?

Crypto Clash  1:04:03  
Yeah, okay. So from a privacy perspective, how does your network ensure that no user data is collected or stored or compressed to across peer to peer connection?

Brien Colwell  1:04:14  
Yeah, so like I mentioned, we force the actual connections that users making to use the modern end to end encrypted version. So, like in many protocols, there's like, an unencrypted version and there's an encrypted version. What we do is we turn off the unencrypted version and we just we, we kind of force the the the end code, whether it's a browser or an email client or, you know, an app, to actually use the encrypted, decrypted standards. And so, you know, simply using modern, end to end encrypted web standards, like, really, you know, shuts down a lot of the bad behavior that middle, you know, middle entities can do on that traffic. And so, like. For example, if you make an engine encrypted TLS connection to a website, there's really not much that a provider can see. You know, all the data is encrypted. And so that's what we really like about our network, is we want, like, 100% of the traffic on our network to be encrypted, and that that protects everyone, that protects users, that protects providers. And so that's generally our strategy is, like, we are on board with accelerating the, the the adoption of modern, encrypt, end to end encrypted web, web standards. And this is, you know, this is an area that's still under active development. Like I mentioned, there's, there's extensions to TLS that are being, you know, adopted to IETF today, such as TLS, encrypted client. Hello, and we are like Ground Zero, trying to, you know, working with, with, with the IETF team, trying to figure out, how do we, you know, how do we get these in the product and, but, but this is the type of, you know, R D that we're doing is, you know, forcing end to end encryption on everything.

Crypto Clash  1:06:00  
Okay, that's great. So yeah, we'll keep supporting your network, and thanks for your detail explanation. Moving to our next participant, Mr. Team, you have a time for a quick questions?

Mr. Team, can you hear

Speaker 2  1:06:19  
me? Hey guys, can you hear

Crypto Clash  1:06:21  
me? Yeah, I can hear you. You have a time for a little quick question.

Speaker 2  1:06:28  
All right, so I just want to ask about, maybe, you know, your scalability now, because I believe that you guys are going to be having, you know, a lot of, you know, a lot of users coming into the system. So I just want to understand how you guys are going to be dealing with scalability, especially when users begin to utilize the website without any issues. That's my first question.

Brien Colwell  1:06:52  
Yeah, great question.

That's, that's an area where we've, we've thought a lot about because, you know, almost everyone thinks this, this wouldn't scale. I think we've proven it. Otherwise, we've, we've been able to scale the network with four nines reliability since day one. So we launched the network in early 2024, we've, we've maintained four nines uptime our entire history, we, we've, we've adapted everything we do to a continuous deployment high availability model. And so what you see with our deployments is we, we actually have our own deployment systems that you know are really optimized for high availability, and, you know, keeping the service running and and and horizontally scaling the service. And in terms of, you know, for an end user, meaning, like there's all providers coming in and out all the time, how do we give them a consistent connection? So, so that's really where auction model shines, is as users come in and out, you know, you're continually connecting to new, new providers. And we also run like, we have a, we're part of the Cloudflare startup program. You know, we believe, like, tapping into the existing CDN infrastructure is going to be, like, really important for us to establish a baseline. So, so we do have a baseline capacity. Whereas, if you're in a region and there's no providers in that region, we actually fall back to sort of a baseline, basically using a CDN edge to service your traffic. And so our goal is like, wherever you want to go, you're going to at least get some traffic routed, and then it's going to be strictly better, depending on how many participants are in that region. And so, you know, we focus on building like a practical, pragmatic system that basically is just optimized around availability and optimized around

Crypto Clash  1:08:54  
to interactive Brien. We have only one minute left in the middle. It's all right, everyone, unfortunately, we are out of time and won't be able to take any more questions today. Apologies to those who were still waiting to ask, and that said, this session has been incredibly insightful. We have learned how your network is not just enhancing privacy and access, but fundamentally rethinking how VPN infrastructure can work, from decentralizing the network with millions of nodes to implementing an innovative auction based connection model that optimizes speed, reliability and availability. And we also touch on how the business model ties into the real world bandwidth demand and how the token plays a crucial role in powering the decentralized data center behind it all, and importantly, how anyone can participate, even aren't directly from their phones, just by running the app. A big thank you to Brien Colwell for joining us today and walking us through the project with such clarity. And of course, thanks to our amazing crypto clash community for to. In and engaging and dropping some great questions. So if you if you have still questions and want to dive deeper into your niche work, make sure to join Their discord and follow them on X Links. Are You?

